
            Management Discussion: Thank you for standing by and welcome to the South32 H1 F2025 Financial Results Announcement Investor and Analyst Teleconference. All participants are in a listen-only mode. There will be a presentation followed by a question-and-answer session.  I'd now like to hand the conference over to Mr. Graham Kerr, Chief Executive Officer. Please go ahead. Thank you. Good afternoon, everyone, and thanks for joining us today. On the call with me is our Chief Financial Officer, Sandy; Chief Operating Officers for Australia, Vanessa; and Noel, who covers Africa and also Colombia. Look, I'll give a short summary of our financial results and outlook for the first half of FY 2025 before taking questions. First, I'd like to talk about safety. In September, we tragically lost our colleague, José Luis Pérez, who was fatally injured in an incident at Cerro Matoso. An investigation into the incident was completed during December 2024. Key learnings have been shared across our organization, and improvement actions are underway to prevent similar incident happening again. We continue to implement our global Safety Improvement Program and we're determined to achieve a step change in our safety performance. This includes a significant investment in safety leadership through our LEAD Safely Every Day program. While we have more work to do, this program has supported measurable improvements in our safety performance. We have had a strong start to the year off the back of our improved operating performance. To call out some of the highlights from the half, we increased aluminium production by 5%, copper equivalent production increased by 21% at Sierra Gorda, and we maintained production guidance across our operations except for Mozal Aluminium. We have updated guidance as we continue to mitigate the impacts of civil unrest in Mozambique. As announced yesterday, we now have received primary state and federal environmental approvals for the Worsley Mine Development Project. This project will enable access to new bauxite mining areas that are expected to sustain production to at least FY 2036. At GEMCO, we have commenced the phased restart of mining activities, and export sales are expected to progressively increase over the June 2025 quarter, subject to further potential impacts from the wet season. Across the group, we remain focused on driving cost performance with lower operating unit costs for the majority of our guided operations expected in the second half of FY 2025. In terms of financial performance, we delivered a 44% increase in underlying EBITDA to $1 billion and an increase in underlying earnings to $375 million. Cash flow from operations improved by $361 million, despite a build in working capital due to high commodity prices and the timing of shipments. And we reduced net debt by $715 million to $47 million, consistent with our focus on prioritizing a strong balance sheet through the cycle. As a result of our strong financial position, today we announced a fully franked interim ordinary dividend of $154 million at $0.034 per share and the continuation of our capital management program with $171 million remaining to be returned to shareholders. Turning to our portfolio. The sale of Illawarra Metallurgical Coal in August brought $1.65 billion of unlocked significant value and streamlined our portfolio. Building on our previous portfolio improvements, this also simplified our business, lowered sustaining capital intensity, and strengthened our balance sheet. We are investing to grow our future production of critical minerals as we construct our large-scale, long-life Taylor zinc-lead-silver project at Hermosa in Arizona, progress the exploration decline at the Clark battery-grade manganese deposit, and continue exploration programs as we unlock value across Hermosa's highly prospective regional land package with recent drilling at the Peake deposit returning further high-grade copper results. In closing, our operations are performing well, our balance sheet is strong, and an unwind of working capital is expected to add cash generation in H2 FY 2025. We have an established growth pipeline that can underpin significant growth in zinc and copper. And our unchanged capital management framework is designed to reward shareholders as our financial performance improves. Thank you. And I'll now hand back to the operator. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  Your first question comes from Alexander Pearce from BMO. Please go ahead. Hi all. So, my first question really is that can you just remind us how much exposure you've got to the US market at the minute? And can you tell us in a little bit more detail what you're seeing in the global aluminium market following some of the proposed US tariffs? Thanks. Yeah. Look, I mean, I'd start by saying, look, only one person probably has a sense where US tariffs are going at the moment. So, every day, there's a little bit of new additional news flow. Certainly, from our perspective, we'll continue to watch because US being such a large economy will have some potential impacts on trade flows in some cases. But I also think the risk of longer term that there are impacts on critical components, such as global GDP, where anything that sort of stops global growth or the movement of products I think will have a detrimental impact. Look, if you think about our exposure to the US, what do we sell into the US, look, if you look at the first half of FY 2025 by region, probably about 9% of the group revenue went to the US. If you think about the individual books, it's about 5% of our ferronickel book. So, nickel coming out of Colombia. And it's about 16% of our aluminium predominantly coming out of Hillside at the moment or that part of the world. So, in the scheme of things, we don't have a huge exposure. I think it'll be interesting. It's not like it's not the first time that you haven't seen tariffs appear on aluminium in the US, obviously, under previous administration. I think the critical piece for us is going to be what does that actually mean. Look, the reality is no matter which way you cut it, the difference it will make in my mind in this space is if there's actually a change in domestic production. And last time we had tariffs in place, we didn't see an inducement of US production. If you think about where the US is today, roughly 80% of the primary US aluminium demand is imports from Canada. And if we see the US tariffs coming in, our general view is that it'll reflect a higher premium reflected in the US. Clearly, the supplier will obviously have – the tariff itself will be lodged on the supplier and collected by the government, but the ultimate price in our view will be paid by the consumer. You can argue that perhaps some of that Canadian production, about 4 million tonnes sort of move its way into Europe. Not sure it actually will because of the infrastructure in place, et cetera. But I think if it does, then you'll probably see the Europeans go after the regional attraction margin premium, if you like, in the Midwest. So, from our perspective, unless you see a big inducement of new smelters in the US, it's probably not going to make a big difference from our perspective on our book. The market... Great. Thanks, Graham. And then – sorry. Sorry. I was going to say, if you take a medium and long-term view of aluminium, we're still probably haven't really  fundamentally (00:08:12) changed our position. The bigger issue is more around what's happening in China around that cap. We see the cap continued to be sort of driven to. Ultimately, it does remain the last couple of decades new supply has come on from China to sort of meet that gap between supply and demand. There's actually been oversupply. I think going forward for the first time, you'll have to see some new smelting capacity come online ex-China. And in my view, it's hard to imagine a world where that's probably not driven by more renewable power sources and it's probably more likely to appear in Indonesia or Malaysia than it is in the US. Great. Thanks, Graham. That's clear. And then just a second question on the CapEx changes this year. Looks like it's really on timing. Is that fair to say around Hermosa, et cetera? And should we therefore assume a like-for-like increase in CapEx next year and beyond? Yeah. Look, I'll get Sandy to work through that. I mean, to me, the team at  Worsley (00:09:18) have done a good job in pushing out what we thought would be some prepayments to get critical slots. But maybe Sandy can talk about it in the context of this year and what we see going forward. Yeah. So, we do see that rephasing eventually of the expenditure. I can expect that's now to come through in FY 2026. So that was some allowance we put into FY 2025 for prepayments for slots, for fabrication in particular. As that negotiations played through, we actually now expect to see that coming through. It's just normalized expenditure in the FY 2026 period. No other change to phasing on the Taylor expenditure program. Perfect. Thank you. Thank you.  Your next question comes from Tim Clark from SBG Securities. Please go ahead. Well, thanks. Thanks very much and good evening. I've got a couple of questions. Let me just start my first one. Just how you're thinking about capital allocation going forward and what the barriers are that you face? Just the context of that. It's obviously a clear, strong free cash flow expectation for the second half of 2025. And then, as the Hermosa CapEx comes down, presumably that increases your potential debt capacity over time as the commitment to Taylor reduces. So I just wonder – sort of first part of it is, is how much buyback can you realistically get away with over a period? And then how would you think about other forms of capital returns? Would it be like a special dividend scenario that's most likely if there are no other commitments? How should we be thinking about if there is excess cash, what you'll do with it? Yeah. Absolutely. I'll get maybe Sandy can walk you through the dollars and how we're thinking about debt levels and the balance sheet. What I would say from my perspective, our commitment to the capital management framework remains unchanged. We talk about distributing what we would call surplus cash  so out to (00:11:30) the basic needs that first and foremost setting aside for a lot of our business and keeping that investment-grade credit rating and a minimum of 40% payout, if you like, on our underlying earnings. And then all the other options compete. So, growth options we have internally already, special dividend, buyback, acquisitions, et cetera. So, that whole philosophy hasn't shifted. What has shifted over time obviously is what the balance sheet looks like and then what we guide towards the net debt range, but Sandy can talk to you about how we get that. I think the one thing that I'm very focused on is what we don't generally do too much about is speculation about what the cash flow looks like. What we've always talked about is when the cash is in the bank is when the board has to make a decision about where it allocates those funds. So, if we have excess cash in the bank, we've had in the past, we'd look to the most efficient way to get that back. Generally, we like to buy back because we think we trade cheap compared to what we think we're worth. We have used special now and again we  (00:12:35) sort of catch up on. But the other thing which will always drive some of our buying will be what's happening in the marketplace. For example, the first six months of this year, there's been a lot of periods where we've been out of the market because of the works of the approval process and some of the ongoing conversations and uncertainty or finalization and also the Mozambique and civil unrest. But maybe Sandy you can talk about the dollars, the sense, the net debt range, et cetera, and how you think about it as a CFO really answer. Sure. So, I mean, as Graham touched on, our capital management framework is unchanged. It is consistent with us having an investment-grade credit rating in a sustained low. So, when you asked about what that kind of constraint is, we do actually look at that and model that going out a number of years to ensure particularly we've tailored capital ahead of us to ensure that we do maintain that investment-grade credit rating in a sustained low. We have $171 million remaining on the buyback. We do consider that consistent with allocating excess capital. And at this price, we do naturally think the buyback is the best value option for our shareholders. We've talked to net debt ranges over time. We're currently holding a net debt target range of between zero and $500 million and that is really consistent with it being fairly early in the phase of Taylor's capital program. We're naturally more conservative and you can expect to see us iterate this over time, as we have done in the past. In terms of the way that we distribute capital, we're obviously first looking at the buyback. In the event we don't consume all the buyback, we will obviously look at then whether we want to extend it or whether we would consider a special dividend at that time. That would be done on the merits at the time of that decision, as Graham touched on. In terms of what we've put away in the past sort of trends between that $50 million and $100 million kind of range on a half period in the buyback. So, it depends on where the prices are at thresholds and of course, blackout periods. Okay. Thanks. That's helpful. Thanks. Thanks, Graham. Thanks, Sandy. Just moving across to Worsley, I'm just trying to square – you had quite a big impairment on Worsley when the sort of uncertainties were in place on the environmental approval. And it looks like most of those uncertainties have gone away. You spoke at the time of kind of higher, longer-term costs and therefore at sort of – and reasons for the impairment. The impairment hasn't reversed and yet the circumstances have changed. I heard the answer just on the trigger being sustained low prices. But a reversal of impairment I would have thought is to do with having better economics. And therefore, I was surprised by the answer. I wonder if you could just maybe speak to if we took a Worsley before July last year when we received these new conditions and then the conditions being renegotiated, are we sort of halfway in between the two or is it – because I find it quite hard to measure as to the concerns that were there in July, are they still relevant or have most of them gone away just in terms of longer-term costs, et cetera? So maybe a couple of things, Tim, and I'll get Sandy to walk through the mechanics of the impairment and how we think about it from an accounting standards perspective. Look, when we have a look at Worsley, to be clear, the impacts of the deferred decisions are probably felt across multi-dimensions of the business and over multi-dimensional timeframes. It's not like when we announced the impairment where all of a sudden we're hit with challenges around the operation. The time that this has taken compared to what the previous commitment was from the EPA and other bodies has meant that this decision has been pushed further and further out, which has knock-on impacts. So, now that we have the actual conditional approvals, so we've now got the approvals at both the state and the federal level, we're actually out – as soon as we got it, we're out there actually starting to put that to work. But the first component that we actually get into is to actually clear additional areas where we currently have existing mining areas, which is Saddleback, Marradong, Quindanning. We have to do that because getting into new areas, which is really you are back to the higher grade, takes time around infrastructure, clearing the mine and setting it up. So, we don't actually return now into full production or full capacity at Worsley to FY 2027 because of the impacts we've had around cost grade that we've already experienced, but also we don't get back to full production to FY 2027. And previously, we had given some unit cost guidance where we've talked about what it was going to cost us to sort of operate. And we had spoken about $270 to $290 a tonne previously. We have increased that range by about $5 a tonne. And that in itself is sort of driven by revised conditions, particularly around monitoring and administration stuff that has sort of stuck through the approval process that hasn't been able to turn. That in itself has a three number NPV impact. So, it's not immaterial. But to me, I think about the increase in the operating cost, but I also think about not getting to full nameplate capacity  (00:18:18) nameplate capacity for FY 2027. Maybe, Sandy, just on the impairment thinking. Yeah, of course. So, we're operating under IAS 36 impairment of assets and we have an accounting policy approach under that, which I think I heard you reference there, Tim, which is that we actually apply  (00:18:36) trigger testing under a sustained low commodity price. And on that basis, we don't have a trigger. It'd only be if we had a trigger, we then complete a full fair value update and then update our position in terms of the accounting. But because we didn't have a trigger, we don't go ahead with our scope of work. Of course, informing that range now, there's a range analysis that goes through that trigger testing done at a sustained lows, of course, and looking at all the inputs at a point in time. And so, there's range analysis that sits behind that as well. All right. Thanks. That's really helpful. Sorry. My last question, hopefully a very quick one. Just with the alumina price having rallied in the fourth quarter or in the second half of last year so much, I was asked a question time and time and again, and with Brazil Aluminium, I wasn't 100% sure of the answer as to your net long, short position in alumina once the full portfolio is running at normal capacity. So, where I would say we're at the moment is historically over the last couple of years, we've probably been running in about 50% of our alumina is placed in our own smelters across the whole networks. That includes Brazil, Hillside and Mozal. For the half, we're actually about 51% this year. Some of that probably over time I'd still stay the same because while we'll probably ramp up on the smelting side, we've sort of maxed our alumina and our bauxite going forward to match what the smelter needs. And that's the way the deals are structured in Brazil, which therefore leaves you – your biggest exposure is obviously on the Worsley side of the business. And it's not like we're looking to dramatically increase production outside of little bit of creep in Hillside and Mozal. So you're probably still looking at about 50% going to the market at which generally most of that is on relatively longer-term deals with index pricing into places like the Middle East. That's really helpful. Thank you so much. Thank you. As there are no further questions at this time, I'll now hand back to Mr. Kerr for any closing remarks. Look, thanks, everyone. Appreciate the time today to sort of dial-in here. And obviously, if you'd missed anything, just feel free to contact Ben to follow up and our Investor Relations department. Closing message I would leave you with is, look, our operations are performing well. We've done that for a couple of halves now, which is good to actually see. Our balance sheet is strong. We do have an unwind of working capital expected to our cash generation in the second half this financial year. We do have an established growth pipeline that can underpin significant zinc and copper growth in the short to medium term. Our approach to capital management remains unchanged. It is absolutely designed to reward shareholders as our financial performance improves. And just again, thank you for your time today. That does conclude our conference for today. Thank you for participating. You may now disconnect. 
            