
            Management Discussion: Okay. We're good to go. Good morning. Welcome, everyone, to our Annual Results Presentation. You would have got them online last night, analyzed them. We've got few texts this morning and emails, and sort of got a feel for where everyone's at. So, look, I'll briefly run you through where we've been over the year, where we're hitting over the next 12 months. There's no five-year outlook at this point in time, I mean, we're obviously working through incredibly low lithium prices. I mean, just for the record, I mean, no one is making money in this market. I mean, let's be really, really clear on that. There's no lithium companies making money. We're just battering down for the downturn, while we feel like we're dragging our feet along the bottom at the moment. So, we're just going to make sure that we throw everything off the deck as we've done many times. I mean, a lot of companies would say that they've been through many cycles, many downturns. I mean, we've got a fairly long-term management team; nonetheless, myself, I've been through all of the downturns. It's not a fun time. I mean, this is the shittiest time to be the MD of the company. I mean, you've got to really carve the cost set of everything you're doing, you look at every single person. We're doing that. We're throwing everything off the deck just to make sure we conserve cash. And anyone out there in our position, and our position is, if you're mining in lithium, you've just got to take those steps. Jon Cowper's joining me today with the financials, and he'll answer any financial questions. Mark could not fly. And Mark is fine, he's online listening to us now, but unfortunately, he had a quite nasty ear infection, and it was viral, so he just couldn't fly without blowing his eardrum. But Mark's online listening to us. So, as I said, look, I'll cover off on where we've been and where we're going. We've had a pretty amazing year. If you take away the fact that – if lithium was sitting at AUD 2,500 to AUD 3,000 a tonne, I mean, it would be a much different and better atmosphere. But we've delivered Onslow Iron, and we'll show you how we got that done on budget. Contrary to the notes that I'm getting, we got it done on budget. We got it about a month or six weeks ahead of time, which is pretty phenomenal. I mean, no one – in the last four or five years since COVID completely wrecked the supply chain worldwide, no one has built a project on time, let alone on budget. And it's a great project that's going to be around for a long time. Doubled our Mining Services business, so we've put the foundations in to do that. We've done that in a number of different ways, which I'll walk you through. But fundamentally, the Mining Services that comes along with Onslow Iron is significant, and it's completely separate from the ownership and the joint venture of the commodity price. And we're out there now. We're in the best time we've seen in a long, long time on the Mining Services front. We're winning more contracts than ever. Sadly, that adds to our CapEx. Every time we win a crushing job, we actually got to go and buy some stuff, and we've got to put it on the ground, but you know the net result of that. We've created a fairly phenomenal infrastructure business over the last couple of years. And our Mining – most people think of our Mining Services business related to dump trucks and the like, it's not. It is mainly made up of the large long-term infrastructure assets. Somewhere around between 70% and 80% of our contracts run from 20 up to 50 years. So, I'd prefer to own that than an airport, but I can't get that same price earnings ratio yet. Bald Hill. We track Bald Hill in the mix. We'll talk about that. We've been in there now for about 9 or 10 months, and we're starting to get a feel for it. We sold the Onslow Iron haul road. We've got a market cap of AUD 2.6 billion on that. And we've got that sold, and we've found a really great partner in Morgan Stanley. They're very similar in our culture and like-minded. They've got a great team on it. So, really happy to have those guys coming on board. And we've discovered an awful lot of gas and oil up in the Perth Basin. I mean, probably some of the best onshore finds in Australia. Business is strong, as I said, challenging times ahead, but we can manage that. It's a day-by-day thing. We manage the business in line with the economic environment that we're sitting in. When iron ore is at AUD 200 a tonne, we're out there building whatever we like. When it's at AUD 100 a tonne, we're not building anything. So, just a bit of a summary, the year that's been. It's going to be a lot more fun over the next six months. Financials, we've done pretty well, solid performance. We've delivered to guidance. We've had record Mining Services. Revenue is up at AUD 5.3 billion, so about 10% up on year-on-year; EBITDA of about AUD 1.1 billion. And, of course, the earnings have been dramatically affected by the Lithium earnings. No final dividend this year. We choose to make sure that we conserve cash in every front. So, shareholders, I'm sure, will be happy for us to conserve that cash and keep it in the bank. ROIC, we're down this year at 5.3%, but we've got AUD 4.8 billion in capital parked in assets that is only just starting to earn. So, give me another 12 to 18 months on that, when they're all at full earnings, and we'll have a very different picture on it. We've invested around about AUD 3 billion of that. AUD 4.8 billion has gone into Onslow Iron. That is starting to produce. Average ROIC over the past 18 years, we're still sitting at 15%. As you know, 20% is the number that we aim for. And once we get these assets up and running, we're going to be back into a much better number. Total shareholder return, 29% since we listed. So, we're still looking after our shareholders' safety, people, well-being, critical in our business. We really prioritize that. We're industry leaders. We're in the top 5% in terms of our safety management and statistics, the way we look after our people. TRIFR's slightly up this year, 2.74, which is still down at the very bottom quartile in the mining industry. I mean, it's still a great result, considering we grew over 12 to 15 months. We went from 5,600 people to 8,500 people. So, bringing new people in and trying to adjust them, get them to your culture, make sure that they're savvy with our expectations and looking after themselves. We've done a pretty amazing job on getting that done. We're currently, at the moment, as you know, we're moving out of the Yilgarn progressively between now and Christmas. So, we've got about 900 people coming out of there. We had 2,500 people on the Onslow Iron build. And as we wind down off there, we're also winding down out of our head office. We had an announcement a little while back where we're going to move some people on. We've started doing that progressively. We moved about 140 people out of the Perth office. So, there's going to be a downturn in head count between now and Christmas, as we keep going. We're building diverse and really safe environments for all of our people. And particularly, we're really been focused on growing female participation in the business. We've done a whole range of things with that, and we've been really focused on retention of our people over the last two years. We've seen about a 50% reduction in people departing MinRes, so we're really starting to nail that down. That's going pretty well. 250 grads, trainees and apprentices, we've got on the books. Women make up a-third of our entry-level program, including machine operators coming into the business. So, a lot of the women don't have the experience, the guys have, so we've got great training programs in there to help them catch up and get in line, so they can pick up on promotions. As a matter of interest for anyone that is interested, we got about 460 in what we call next-gens. Next-gens means they got a mom or a dad working in the business. We've been doing that for probably about 15 years. They're the ones that are really sticky. They hang around a long time. They get the culture. They've grown up around the breakfast table, understanding what MinRes and the mining industry is all about. So, if you've been with us three years or more, and you've got a kid that wants to do an apprenticeship or a grad at uni, MinRes will take up the cause. And we really hunt them for our payroll. Two of them, of those 460 at mine, very proud to say that they're following along and bit of the culture that – tried to breed. Well-being focus is on mental and physical health. As you know, we've had a really big focus on mental health over the last few years. We've currently got nine psychologists on the payroll. We've got seven of them running on FIFO. We had a young lady, about three weeks ago, that went home on R&R to Brisbane and took her own life. So, like anywhere, I mean, all we're doing is we're taking people out of society, we're putting them on our payroll and putting them onsite. There's a whole range of issues out there, and we're trying to make sure that we can do a lot more to be able to prevent that sort of thing. I mean, it's gut-wrenching when you see that happening. Head office and Onslow Iron is sort of two of the new areas we're trying to change the mining industry. Head office is a place that a lot of our people want to be and they love working in there. We've got a lot of different benefits that were brought on. Why have I done all that? Because when I get them first up in the morning, I want to hold them captive all day long. I don't want to be leaving the building and we do that. So, I don't want them walking down the road for a cup of coffee. We kind of figured out a few years ago how much that costs wandering out around lunchtime. We've got a restaurant in there. We've also got a gym, and we've got other facilities that keeps them glued in there recently. And I've had a battle. I have a no work from home policy. I wish everyone else would get onboard with that. The sooner the better, but the industry can't afford it. We can't have people working three days a week and picking up five days a week pay or four days. When I got the industry all heading out there, going, why don't we do a four-day week? We got used to it over COVID. So, if I can encourage us all to do the same. We're putting in a day care. I found out one of the key things for our women, in particular, was that they spend about AUD 180 a day on day care and we're installing one now. It'll take 105 kids, and it'll cost them about AUD 20 a day. So, another reason for them to come and enjoy work, drop the little tikes off next door. We've got doctors onboard and nurses. We're going to feed them, but mom and dad will be working in our office. So, Onslow Iron, we've done the same thing. We're really out there trying to make sure, again, getting more women in the workforce. So, that means that, right now, we've got about 76 couples up there, so far. We've got 750 pods that we're installing. In total, we've got 500 pods out of Ken's Bore. Of those 500, there's about 350 occupied, about 76 couples in them now. So, that's working, that's growing. And our female population, we'll train them, we'll make them machine operators. Ongoing, restaurant, tavern, pool, all of the good things that we've got out there, completely changing the mining industry. MinRes Air, no frequent flyer points available, not even to shareholders. But we started MinRes Air, why? Because the cost to MinRes has just been ridiculous. We've been losing, over the last 12 months, an average of about 11,000 man hours on change over on people on different sites. That's not the big number. The big number, tens of millions of dollars we're using shutting down mining fleets in the middle of a shift, shutting down processing and crushing plants so we can change people out. So, literally, I mean, tens of millions of dollars. And what can we do about it? The answer is we bring it in-house. We've got two A319s and an A320. We've got a great, experienced management team. They've got a couple of hundred years' experience between them in the airline industry. We're running under a license from a company based in Melbourne until we get our own, which we should have around about middle of next year. But we started running from the East Coast and hauling people out of Brisbane, so instead of 1.5 days each way to get people from the East Coast back. And why the East Coast? 23 million people out there, 3 million in WA. We need a labor pool to draw on. So, now, it's 5.5 hours direct into our mine sites, so into Wodgina, direct into Ken's Bore. We're shortly going to be coming into Kambalda. And then, I'm hoping within about the next four weeks the airline will be in full blast. So, we'll be doing all of our FIFO stuff coming out of Perth, but tens of millions of dollars of saving. And the cost on doing it, it's pretty much – in the first year, it's about cost-neutral with what we were going to spend with the airline. So, no difference in physical cost, but huge difference in our savings and being able to manage that. And we got to – as I said, we when we advertised for people to staff that thing, it was insane. The number of responses we got in 48 hours, we had over 640 hostess applying for the job. Why? Because they understand the culture and the care that we put into our people. Sustainability, always at the forefront of what we're doing. We're out there working on it. WA, probably the best mining jurisdiction in the world by now. And I mean, in terms of the way that we understand how to look after the environment and rehabilitation, the care that we give our people. I mean, we're up there in one of the best of the best. So, we're working on all of the sustainability that we have to have within the business. I mean, it's a fairly major job. We've got a bunch of people that keep working on that. I mean, I keep repeating the thing. We're committed to getting to zero by 2050, and we're doing everything we can to get there. We're not going to invent any green juice or anything magic. I mean, we're a mining company. We're out there doing what we can. We are using gas to get out of diesel. Diesel's the main thing that we want that we're focused on. So, it's the biggest carbon emitting in the atmosphere. So, getting out of diesel is the priority. Gas is sort of helping us for that. Of course, we're putting in wind farms where we can. We're putting in solar panels by the thousands. They don't help us a huge amount. During the middle of the day, in the Pilbara, they tip some power into us, but come 4:00 in the afternoon, we're back on those gas plants. So, hopefully, someone's going to invent green juice in the next 10 or 15 years. Local businesses, the other thing that we're really focused on with the indigenous communities, and with all the remote communities where we work. We spent AUD 4.8 billion last year with the Australian suppliers, mainly across WA but across Australia. AUD 8 million in social investment with charities; 125 charities that we're supporting out there in various ways. So, we've been pretty strong on doing that. Just a bit more on the traditional owners. What we do with the traditional landowners around the communities that we work is, our aim is to be able to get them to the same standard of living that we have. So, making sure they got affordability for decent housing; medical education for their kids, so the kids can grow up and have good permanent long-term jobs, and eventually, run our mines for us, really focused on that. Look, we've got credit facilities in place. We put AUD 25 million credit facilities in with a number of different banks, so that they can go borrow money to buy equipment to go and fulfill 5 and 10-year contracts we give them, so they got these long-term earnings streams and that we stand behind that. We make sure they buy everything at the right price. We help them maintain it. We maintain it for them a lot. So, we're doing a whole bunch of things around that. Education, getting kids to year 12, trying to get them into uni. Passionate about trying to make a difference there a couple of hundred years behind the eight ball and it's – but we're getting there, we're making good on rates. Jon, I'll hand over, and let you run us through the financials. Thanks, Chris. Good morning. It's my pleasure to present to you the MinRes financial results for FY 2024. It's been another busy year for MinRes. We've continued to invest for the future, developing high quality, long-life assets. And we've further demonstrated our ability to recycle capital to fund growth. Starting with the P&L. Underlying EBITDA of AUD 1.057 billion reflects solid underlying performance. Mining services EBITDA grew by 14% to AUD 550 million. This demonstrates the strength of the MinRes business model. Commodities, Lithium's underlying EBITDA of AUD 384 million reflects a sharp reduction in lithium prices despite record volumes. Iron ore's underlying EBITDA of AUD 394 million benefited from improved achieved prices. You can see FY 2024's depreciation and amortization is higher. This is driven by growth in mine development. And our net financing costs are relatively consistent with FY 2023. This reflects capitalized interest costs predominantly relating to the Onslow construction. As announced, Yilgarn is moving into care and maintenance from December. We've recognized an associated impairment charge, net of tax, of AUD 61 million. Alongside other impairments, total impairment charges net of tax were AUD 99 million. This impairment charge is not reflected in the group's underlying results, and there's a reconciliation provided in the appendices. FY 2024's adjusted tax excludes the impact of tax arising on nonrecurring transactions. These are transactions linked to the MARBL transaction and the ending of the marketing agreement. We had foreign tax losses on sales through China, which have been discontinued. And we had US taxes on battery chemical sales via Albemarle. Again, a reconciliation of statutory results is included in the appendix. I won't spend too much time on this slide. The chart shows the strength of operational performance of our business over the year. And you can see controllable EBITDA improved significantly. This was driven by lithium and volumes and cost performance, however, more than offset by significant fall in lithium prices. Turning to cash flow. Consistent with prior years, MinRes has demonstrated its ability to convert profits to cash in FY 2024. You will see, again, a solid operating cash flow of AUD 1.9 billion impacted by a large positive movement in working capital. This includes AUD 0.6 billion of iron ore prepayments from one of our customers as announced at the recent quarterly result. This was a non-dilutive, non-debt form of unlocking capital that boosted liquidity. Excluding this, our cash conversion was a very healthy 124%. We've continued to invest in the future, positioning MinRes to benefit over the long term. This included strategic investments predominantly in lithium, where we acquired 100% of Bald Hill, as well as several stakes in WA junior lithium miners. We also invested in the development of Onslow achieving first ore ahead of schedule in May 2024. In the first half, we received AUD 588 million from the restructure of our MARBL JV with Albemarle. That source divest our interest in the chemical lithium hydroxide plant, removed our exposure to downstream lithium and increased our ownership in Wodgina to 50%. We, also, in the first half, completed an offering of $1.1 billion of bonds. The net result, as it shows, was a strong cash position of AUD 900 million at the end of the period. MinRes is well-placed to complete its elevated capital program arising from the development of Onslow. As at June 30, in addition to the closing cash of AUD 900 million, we had near AUD 2 billion of undrawn credit lines. In addition, we have a number of levers we can pull to manage the balance sheet as we progress through this elevated capital expenditure period to bring the Onslow project online. And we've demonstrated some of those in FY 2024. Turning to the balance sheet. You can see it reflects the significant investment made during the financial year. Capital employed increased to AUD 8 billion, funded in part by additional borrowings. We saw the creation of the carry-loan, which provides a receivable to MinRes, which will start to repay in FY 2025. And as I have alluded to on the previous slide, there still remains significant optionality within the business to monetize assets should we need to. The next six months was always going to be our peak net debt, and this is in line with expectations. Our capital is prioritized for Onslow for the completion and ramp up to 35 million tonnes. And we will prioritize deleveraging as we move into the half two FY 2025. If I can just turn your attention to how we think about capital. MinRes has a huge focus on the balance sheet over the past few years, and this is going to continue. Over our 30-plus-year history, we have a disciplined capital allocation. And we have a strong track record of allocating capital to generate outsized returns. We're committed to targeting 2 times gross leverage through the cycle and a capital structure commensurate with our existing BB credit ratings. We have a strong track record of recycling capital to enhance our returns. And there has been several transactions involving Wodgina over the last few years, and now with the Onslow road sale. We'll always look for ways to release capital from underappreciated assets. While our dividend policy is up to 50% of underlying NPAT, we've demonstrated flexibility to reduce dividends to preserve cash and balance sheet strength as we have done this year. We're focused on generating strong cash flow through the cycle. And whilst this is variable in the commodities business, our Mining Services earnings are predictable and growing. And as we've always stated, we will invest in growth projects if they can achieve at least 20% ROIC post-tax on a long-term consensus commodity pricing. In recent years, this had been the Onslow Iron project, which has required the largest capital investment the business has ever embarked upon, but it's expected to generate significant returns over the long term. I'd like to take a minute to remind you how we set up a durable capital structure for the group's long-term success. And we chose to access the US unsecured bond markets for several reasons. Firstly, it gives us debt with long tenor, with our first maturity not until 2027, three years after we turn on Onslow and two years of full ramp-up. The absence of financial maintenance covenants provides flexibility through the commodity cycles. And, of course, our interest is fixed, and it's more than covered by our Mining Services earnings today before the Onslow ramp-up. As at June 30, our net debt was AUD 4.4 billion and our net debt to underlying EBITDA was 4.2 times. We expect net debt will peak in half one FY 2025 before beginning to deleverage in the second half as Onslow Project ramps up. Our liquidity sat at a very healthy AUD 2.8 billion at June 30 and include an upsized revolving credit facility of AUD 800 million with new and existing banks. And, lastly, I'd like to remind you that Onslow, having now shipped its first ore, will now award over AUD 400 million by our JV partners for funding them into the project. This loan receivable accrues interest at about 7.25%, and it's repaid from the 80% of our JV partners' free cash flow from the Onslow mine. Effectively, MinRes will get about 90% of the free cash flow from that mine for the first couple of years. At current prices, the Onslow mine core will be free cash positive by around December. I'll cover this next slide fairly quickly. It shows FY 2024 capital expenditure. It's marginally ahead of guidance, which reflected additional investment in lithium. The net debt waterfall slide is fairly self-explanatory. As stated, our net debt is expected to peak in half-one financial year 2025. We've committed to two major investment programs many times over our 30-year history and we have a clear path to get debt levels back to where we want them. After this coming half, we expect to naturally deleverage through EBITDA once Onslow is fully ramped up. We will also explore options to decrease gross debt levels as each of our unsecured bond becomes callable at par, which is well in advance of their maturity. We continue to have several significant levers available at our disposal and options to unlock capital throughout the business. Looking at FY 2025 guidance. This slide sets out guidance for the year. As you can see, iron ore reflects Yilgarn moving to care and maintenance, as previously advised. Onslow, the volumes and the cost per the ramp-up profile. Lithium is slightly lower as we look to optimize based upon current market conditions and preserve cash. Mining Services continues to be very predictable for both volumes and margins. In terms of CapEx guidance for the next financial year, AUD 1.9 billion reflects a significant pullback of capital as Onslow approaches completion, but obviously we do have to complete it. Chris will outline our plans for our assets shortly but I just would point out of note that the CapEx and growth CapEx for Mining Services includes AUD 235 million to support growth in projects. These are projects that deliver in excess of 20% return on invested capital to MinRes. This slide recaps what we've previously announced. Realized proceeds of AUD 1.3 billion. The transaction values the haul road at about AUD 2.7 billion, representing 9.4 times EBITDA based on the project's nameplate capacity. The introduction of a new partner and a pool of capital is consistent with our focus on long-term shareholder value creation, and our agile approach to capital management and allocation. We expect this transaction to conclude and reach financial close imminently as early as September. This slide shows how we think about our investment in Onslow. So, AUD 2.8 billion for our initial investment in 30 million tonnes, AUD 0.5 billion for the expansion to 35 million tonnes, which takes AUD 3.3 billion. Just to point out, our JV partner will contribute over AUD 200 million of that increased cost via the carry-loan, which we expect to reach around AUD 800 million once we had capitalized interest within it. Once you factor in the road sale, we have a net investment of AUD 1.4 billion to MinRes for a project which at spot prices, when fully ramped up, will generate around AUD 1.5 billion EBITDA each year. So, it's effectively a one-year payback for a 30-plus year mine life. And finally, this is just a illustrative slide only to show the value Onslow brings to MinRes once it's fully ramped up, which we expect from June 2025. You can see the quality of earnings generated by Onslow. It's important to note, Onslow will boost our Mining Services EBITDA to about AUD 1 billion a year. This is sustainable, repeatable earnings not impacted by commodity swings, which is more than able to support our current debt levels. And you can also see how quick we will delever. Again, I will reiterate, we are committed to our 2 times gross leverage target through the cycle. And so, whilst there is a near-term focus on the balance sheet, as we finalize the construction of Onslow, I just want to give the market an idea of just how much Onslow will transform MinRes once ramped up. I'll now hand back over to Chris who'll provide an operational overview. Thanks, Jon. Thanks. I hope you got a bit out of that, particularly around the Onslow Iron and the spend. I'll just run you through now, basically, a bit about the pillars in the business on what we've been doing and where I'm taking them over the sort of short- to medium-term. Let's start with Mining Services, another pretty good year with it. Production volumes, I mean, we've also learned to measure them in the tonnes that we produce now, so up 8% year-on-year. A record EBITDA, so we're sitting at about AUD 550 million, but on our way to doubling that over the next 12 to 18 months on the run rate we were hitting. And it's more than half the group's EBITDA. So, I mean, if you understand the MinRes model, I mean, my background is basically around Mining Services and trying to make sure that I have those long returning and recurring incomes, and we spread that right across the industry. When we get a project like Onslow Iron or Mt Marion, we own the Mining Services on those projects. At any given time if we choose to, we can go and sell our shareholding in the iron ore or the lithium. But those projects that we got for Mining Services are life of mine. So, Onslow Iron, it's probably around 50-years-plus; Mt Marion, the likes of that, is probably, if you have a look at what we've got on the ground at the moment, I'll talk about the tonnes, we're probably going to double those tonnes, but we're probably another 40-or-so years down at Mt Marion. So, MinRes owns the whole of the Mt Marion site. So, everything we do down there is Mining Services. Then, we have great Tier 1 customers out there. We've got crushing, processing plants, trucks, all the like on it, and that business has been incredibly strong. So, as we've grown the business over the years, we've not only grown it in terms of volume, we've averaged, generally, I always say we average about 15% year-on-year in growth in the Mining Services, and we've been able to maintain that. As the bigger our business gets, the harder it is to keep those sort of growth paces up, but we're doing it in volumes. So, we're not only increasing the volume that we've put through that business, we're increasing the margins. So, we've moved that margin up to around about AUD 2 a tonne. It was a bit under AUD 1.80 18 months ago. Look, I suspect, 18 months down the track, it'll be closer to AUD 2.20. So, a great business we've added. And FY 2024, six new contracts, three crushing, one ore sorting, a whole of mine operation, and then we've also moved into North Queensland with some of these big jumbo haul trucks that you saw up on the screen. We've had three extensions. So, our retention with existing contracts is second to none. We have the best record in the industry for that. I can tell you how many contracts we've lost over the last 24 years and I can tell you the pain that I went through when I've done that. So, three extensions, two crushing, a crushing and a haulage operation. So, 100% retention over the last 12 months. And then, of course, we're moving into a new industry with transhippers. So, that's part of the Mining Services, too, and operation. The service we offered MinRes, it's unique. Can't be replicated, because a lot of the stuff sitting in there is a MinRes design built innovation. So, the crushing plants that we built. We're the largest crushing contractor in the world. We're probably the largest owner of road trains. I'm not overly proud of that. But these things make us an incredibly good margin. So, to be able to move 330 tonne with one prime mover, it's unique in the world, thanks to the help we have with Kenworth, but everything outside of the prime mover is designed and developed over the last 25 years by MinRes, and the technology that's gone into those trailers. And we've just – ironically, we've had approval from Kenworth, we can drop a fourth trailer on behind these things now. So, we go from 80,000 down to 78,000 an hour. Our carbon emissions per tonne hauled actually drops. We spread more tonnes over one engine. So, we can get up to 440 tonnes. Yet to do that, but we're heading down the path. We're concentrating on getting these trucks autonomous, hoping to do that by about March, April next year. So, pluck out the drivers out of them. If you're running 140 trucks, you need three drivers per truck, dayshift, nightshift, and at home, and then a few spare. So more than AUD 100 million saving. That's not the big – the big saving is when you've got a computer running these big beasts, because the computer make sure they get the gear change right, the tire wear is perfect. I mean, everything just goes to perfection. And I don't have any humans mixing with this. So, my chances of having any sort of serious accidents between machinery and humans is zero. So, really looking forward to getting that to happen. Transhippers, brought them online, performed exceptionally well, I mean, beyond our expectations. They've just been unbelievable. But we're experts in materials handling. I mean, we should get them right. And our team, our internal team, have done a pretty amazing job on pulling them together and getting them all crewed up and running. Rehab, too, is another big part of our business in the Mining Services. So, a lot of the big Tier 1 companies are getting us out there now and doing a lot of their rehab for them, and it's quite a growing market. The Mining Service, it's a cash generator in the business. It's not affected by commodity prices and the rates are always protected. We review them annually and they get adjusted with inflation. And we also have a sliding scale. So, if we don't get as many tonnes as they committed to do, then the rate per tonne sort of goes up. So, it's, as I said, amazing business. 70% of those contracts, they got a life of more than 30 years. Since 2006, we've averaged EBITDA growth of about 18% in that business. The chart shows the progress over the last five years. We've been up about 21% per annum on EBITDA, and we've actually increased our EBITDA margin per unit tonne by 24%, which is quite a phenomenal thing. No one else I know can achieve that. So, we're going through at the moment probably our strongest growth period ever in Mining Services this year and next year. It's really going to ramp up. I mean, we're going to get – my expectation is there'll be a better run rate about 18 months out from now, about AUD 1.25 billion, AUD 1.3 billion a year. So, a phenomenal business and it's a game-changer for us. The Onslow Iron coming onboard, it's about AUD 450 million a year in EBITDA, a bit over, at AUD 35 million a tonne run rate, and it's unrelated to the price of iron ore. So, that project, quite phenomenal on what it's going to do for us over the next 35 to 50 years. Engineering and Construction, it's kind of the secret weapon inside the business. We've got the best construction team in the country, bar none. So, we do all our own internal design, engineering, innovation. We make everything that we have. And, sadly, as I was saying earlier around the work from home scenario, Australia is one of the most expensive countries in the world today for anything around manufacturing. We can't manufacture anything now. We just priced ourselves out of it. Downstream processing is almost out of the question for us as well. We did a lot of work around trying to build hydroxide in Australia. As you know, I joined up with Albemarle and then, I forgot to mention at the beginning, I exited all of the downstream with Albemarle at the end of last year, and I'm very happy I did. We just can't afford it in Australia. You know what, we're spending $1.8 billion building here and in Australia. We can replicate that in 20 other countries outside of Australia for $400 million, exactly the same. So, that's a real issue that we try and address. We're fabricating the steel in China to a really high quality for AUD 1,800 a tonne. The stuff that we build right here in Australia, is AUD 12,000 to AUD 14,000 a tonne. So, just to give you an understanding of where we're at, and we got to compete on the world stage with all of these products. So, our Engineering business, we've got a combination to be able to get stuff made and built offshore, and we bring it in and we glue it to the ground, we pour the concrete, all of those things incredibly economically well. And, I think, if you ever look at what we've got, 35 million tonne for the number that we've got on the ground and the payback that project gives you, it gives you a really good understanding of that. And we do some stuff externally for our clients as well. So, yeah, a great business and that adds a lot of value. We're going to give you a quick video now. Are we, Chris? Just 2 minutes that will really let you get the feel of what we've got at Onslow and how it operates. So, let it roll. [Video Presentation] (00:40:01-00:42:18) A really good overview of what we're going to do and what it would achieve for Australia and for Western Australia. So, we had this thing permitted in 12 months, pretty much a record time. Got the last approvals through in July of 2023 for the road and then in May of 2024, first ore on ship, I mean, phenomenal what we've been able to achieve with that. And thanks to the government, both the governments were just phenomenal with it. But I mean, we wine and [Obscenity] (00:42:47) a lot about how long it takes to get things approved, but Australia is one of the best countries bar none in the world. I mean they're quite outstanding. And if you get organized as a miner you can reduce those times substantially. Transparency is the key with the government to make sure that you're working with them. We've moved 35 billion tonnes of waste in Onslow so far since we've been out there. So, just barely a year, the whole thing was toxic plains up there and, where we are now, we're down to – we're moving 1 million tonne a week up on the site. The next gen crushers, I said, they're all going to be online by the time we get to the end of October, as is the haul road. Right now, we're hauling with the big jumbos up the side of the main haul road on what we call the service road, which is for the light vehicles to get to and from the port. So, we're hauling up there at the moment but, come the end of October, everything is sort of open and online. So, 150 kilometers, that big haul road is specially built. I mean, the foundation going into that road is phenomenal. It's not like your average highway that you drive on. Plus, all of the service roads and overpasses, we're doing so about 250 kilometers up there. We're building, if you mean the WA, it's about equivalent from Perth to Margaret River, with a big freeway that carries those big trucks. So far, so good, I mean. And the surface, we've had a lot of experts around on exactly what goes into that fill and the mix, the quality, the bitumen. The bitumen sort of changes when we're on an uphill gradient. You've got those big Tri Drives on the trucks trying to tear the bitumen up. So, we sort of think we've got all that figured out, and it seems to be working so pretty good so far. Autonomous; as I said, April, May next year sometime, hopefully, we'll be autonomous. It's hard to get it pinned down. We've been working on it for about two years and we're awfully close. We got trucks running around there that are driverless, but we've got the drivers sitting in them. Everything else, basically like the port, pretty much fully operational now. As you could see up there, the big storage shed, truck maintenance bay, we can run 13 of those big road trains simultaneously through the workshop at any given time and make sure they get their grease and a refuel and that every second trip they call through there. Resort-style accommodation, going unbelievably well. With the place, we've got the best accommodation in the mining industry by far. So, we got flights landing direct on those sites off the East Coast and shortly out of Perth. So, I mean, we are the go-to company. That's all about retention. If you get any of these mining operations process plants, the lithium plants in particular, you want to have your people there at long-, long-term. The same people turning up doing the same thing every day. The difference in production is millions and millions a year. So, that's why we're so fixated on retention. So, iron ore overall for the year, it's been a pretty good performer for us. And iron ore is not the sexiest product in the world. It doesn't have that ring-like lithium or diamonds or copper, but it's the best of any commodity that's mined. The biggest mining companies are only the biggest mining companies because they've got iron ore in their portfolio. You take the iron ore out of the big miners and there is nothing there. And have a look at their bottom line year in, year out, what the biggest contributor is to that and which is the most boring. I mean, every year those big Tier 1 guys are going to turn out billions and billions on those iron ore commodities they produce. I mean, we've been fortunate enough to find the last region in Australia. So, the best mining region in the world. Sitting down, you've got sort of, up the top of the Pilbara, you've got the Fortescues, Roy Hill, BHP. In the center, you've got Hamersley Iron Ore, Rio Tinto. And down a bit further the Rogue River that they operate. And then right below that you've got us and we're going to be there for a long, long time. And as Jon said, I mean, on a bad year, it's going to make AUD 1.5 billion for us in commodity and Mining Services. If it bounces up to $130-ish a tonne, it's probably going to make AUD 3 billion for us. So, somewhere around the traps over the next few years, we will see iron ore at $130. I mean, remember, not that long ago, I mean, [Obscenity] (00:47:18) this is my about my fourth iron ore downturn I've done in the last 20 years, but we remember it at $38 a tonne and then the next protocol was $180-something-dollars a tonne. And then down to whatever – you only need 12 or 18 months in the sun with iron ore. And it just completely I mean, why – and you go wipe that. So, a great project. Onslow, as I said, we're loaded for many capes and a couple of capes, we're into full time into the capes. That's what they're built form so the Cape carries a sort of 180,000 to 250,000 tonnes, much lower cost per tonne shipping up into China. 18 million tonne run rates where we're going to be come December, come June next year, we're going to be sitting at around about 35 million tonnes run rate. Pilbara, the Pilbara hubs perform pretty well. We've been at the top end of guidance up there for the year on that. We lost the berth up there for 10 days. We've had 10 record loadings up there this year towards the back end of this year on tonnes per hour going on the ships. We're really done a pretty amazing job. We bought BCI out of Iron Valley, too, you might have noticed. So why did we do that? Because we want to have control over the rehab. And if it hangs around for the next – there's more than AUD 100 million tonnes still in the ground up there, but we need to be able to be putting that on rail somewhere down the track. And somewhere in the next few years we hope to get cracking on that berth three up there when the joint venture that we've got with Hancock. So, you're going to have – we announced that we're going to shut that down. We won our way out of that now, so will the capital spend down there stopped. We've moved probably about 150 people out of there so far. But come Christmas, we'll be turning the lights out down there. We've mined since the beginning of time down there. We first went down there for  (00:49:17). We've mined a bit over 73 million tonnes we've been able to get out of there. High cost area. So, this time next year, when Yilgarn is not in the mix, you'll have a look at what our average cost is of iron ore going out. It's going to be much lower and more sustainable. So, our iron ore, our transition to the long life low cost, as I said, it's a 50-year project. It'll earn us money every year. Great partners in there, Baowu, POSCO, AMCI. Incredibly good partners. And it's a complete mines operation, so no lump coming out of there. The good thing with that, 75% of that ore for the next 50 years, of the MinRes ore, goes to Baowu. They committed to taking that. They've spent quite a few hundred million dollars on buying a couple of big blending yards up in China. So, as Simandou comes online, all of the Onslow iron ore is going to be blended with Simandou, and it's a perfect fit. I mean, how lucky can you get? A lot of organizations out there rightfully see Simandou as a threat. For us, it's quite the opposite. The other thing that's quite ironic is, and we're not really clear on this, but under the strategy in China, they've been working over the last couple of years to develop a business out there that buys most of the iron ore. Ironically, they call it China Mineral Resources. The Deputy Chairman of it used to be on the Aquila board, and he loves Mineral Resources. So, he's taken our name. Because we're blending and we're working and our ore is going to Baowu, we are not part of that. So, we'll continue – we will further trade on the on the spot market. So, a lot of good value in the partnerships we've got with them. If you have a look at our FOB cost, $29 a tonne FOB. AUD 45 up in China if you add shipping and royalties. That $29 a tonne, I know I keep saying it, that's including the Mining Services. So we're on board for a pretty low cost. So this thing is pretty good in any market, I mean, it's quite phenomenal. I mean, if we're selling at around $100 a tonne, we're going to get probably – take out the moisture, take out the impurities out of it, we're probably going to get around $80-ish back a us for it. So you can do the math on that, it's pretty good. 50 million tonne operation, let me be really clear on this. I'm going to keep doing what I've done for 32 years in MinRes. We operate this business to market conditions. If we're trading at $200 a tonne for iron ore, we're out there, we'll be going to 80 million tonne, but we're not going any further than 35 million right now. We're going to pause. We're going to let the cash roll over the top of us. We're doing nothing. I'm saying zero in terms of capital and the next 12 months beyond 35 million. And it might be 18 months, it might be two years, but zero in the next 12 months. If I'm going to do something, I will come and tell you I'm thinking about it. I'm not doing it, I'm thinking about it, okay. So let's get off the ledge on that one. Why am I doing that? Because the price of lithium is tank. No one's making money, we're fairly comfortable where we're at with iron ore. I mean, we see a lot of resistance around the $100 a tonne. I'm comfortable that we're probably – I'm not going to call it we're sitting on the bottom. I have no more idea than you guys have on where the price is going, but we are seeing an awful lot of resistance where it is, so it's pretty good. So, we're clear on the 35 million going up to 50 million. The one thing that we can do, by the way, we've got trans shippers 6 and 7 coming in 2026, with the help of Baowu, I got that. They were aiming at 2029 was the earliest I could get those things out of the shipyards with Baowu's help. Chairman to chairman in Beijing, it's amazing what can be done when they're both owned by the same owner, the government. Mr. Xu owns COSCO and Baowu. So, we're getting them in 2026 because, once these things get up to nearly five years old, you've got to freight them up to Singapore and you got to run them over the slip every five years. So, I need that. Plus, on top of that, there's a couple of other transshipping opportunities out there. And, like I do with the crushers, I always have a crusher up my sleeve somewhere so I can move very quickly and I can get it nailed. And these things here, and I'm not going to publicly say this, but we're going to really sweat that 35 million tonne and see how hard we can push it with the capital that we've got and, we think, we can move it in the right direction. So, lithium, a little bit about it, record production out of Wodgina and Mt Marion, underlying EBITDA of AUD 384 million. We average $1,279 a tonne. If you had told me in 2018 I was going to be selling it for that, I would have packed up and gone on holiday. I mean, that would have been an amazing number. When I started these mines, we were lucky to get $400 a tonne for lithium. So, let's not forget that. But we've got used to higher prices and we've put a lot more gear in there and got greedier and tried to get more product. We're paying attention to that. So, at Marion, we shipped 218,000 tonnes of SC6 equivalent, FOB cost of $498. We're reducing costs down there. We're improving the feed quality and the plant performance. We're still going to progress the underground. We're about 70 meters down on a vertical basis. So, we're putting in a drive down there. So, we get down to about 350 meters. Why are we doing that? Because we put three or four drill rods in the ground. We know that we've got 10 million tonnes down there, we probably suspect we got about 40 million or 50 million. What happens, these feeder systems, if you're lucky enough to find them, I mean we've found two at Mt Marion. It's a bit like a cyclone, they come up from kilometers down. So, we chased this thing down with about three or four drill rods, about 1.2 kilometers. And the geos have said there's 10 million tonnes in that space. We suspect there could be – there will be an awful lot more than that. So we're going to get down there. What it does overall for us as it reduces the overall strip ratio down at Mt Marion, it actually shaves several billion dollars over the life of the mine, AUD 3 billion or AUD 4 billion, just being down at that face. So you're only bringing out quality ore. You get that with the open cut, you've got a great blend, 20%, 25% will be underground feed. It doesn't really change the mix of total cost FOB. So, you get in there and get that done early. I suspect, look, five years down the track, we might be think of doing something similar up at Wodgina. What we're doing right now, be clear, I'm pulling the back of the production down at Mt Marion. I'm doing exactly the same at Wodgina. I'm really throttling them back up there. I'm starving the product going in the market. I don't want to oversupply the market. I don't want to waste my ore. And it is the best result in terms of cash out of my bank account over the next 12 months is to do the pull back I'm doing it at Mt Marion. We're also, so down there, I'm going to move a dig fleet offsite. The dig fleet has a 600-tonne digger and about 9 big dump trucks, 280-tonne is I think there. People are going offsite. Yellow goods are going offsite. I'm really pulling back on the cash spend down there, but I'm starving product going into the market for obvious reasons. Wodgina is run pretty well up there. We slowed down on the strip up there. We really we pulled – we pulled big dig fleet out of there and a bunch of gear. So, the cash going out the door. Again, cash is precious, so we've reduced doing that. And we shipped out of there about – what have we put – about 200,000 tonne went out. We're also, as you know, committed to a process with hydroxide with Albemarle. That finished. That expired in June this year. But we were sort of stuck with that and committed to it. We got all that stuff processed up in China. And believe me, I mean, once I got a really clear view of what it's like operating in China, I mean, I wanted out of there as quick as I could get out. The costs are pretty ridiculous, so we're done with that now. I can probably tell you in my time, MinRes will never be a downstream processor of lithium. I mean, we're good at digging it, we're good at converting it to spud, put it on a ship. And, in my view, that's about 85% of the value. The ROIC on anything to do with downstream, no matter what you do with it is a waste of time and it's left to those that want a marginal return, less than us. So, wherever we can, the message is what am I going to be doing in three months from now? Spending as little as I can on these mines, conserving cash, pulling them back out. I'm not going to shut them down because there's a lot of development work we got going on all of these sites, and that development work is important. We're improving recoveries. We're putting in some equipment down there so that we can pull the iron out of the feed going into Mt Marion. That means that we've got more quality feed going in the plant. You get all that stuff out, it takes up less real estate and we get a better quality product and a better volume of product coming out of the plants. Bald Hill, as I said before, we've owned Bald Hill probably for about 10 months now. So, main focus on there on day one was clearing the decks, getting the high gear out, getting all the  RORTs (00:59:34) and the schemes out that had been put in there, and it was pretty ugly. They're operating at high costs. We carved everything out. We've commissioned a new crushing plant down there. It's 100% MinRes-owned gear down there. We picked up some very, very good people down at Bald Hill and a great little culture down there, and we've really worked hard to preserve that. Put in a really good team down there, and that little place is running well. We are looking at trying to grow that, and I'll talk about that in a sec. But our costs down there for FY 2025, we think we're going to be running at around about $560 a tonne coming out of that. But lots of good things. Ironically, Bald Hill has got the best recoveries of any hard rock lithium plant, literally, in the world, and the reason for that is that it's the type of material down there. It's very coarse grained and it loves getting separated. So, we sit around about 75%, 76%, and that's just one pass-through through the plant. So, typically, if you all understand the PLS that they run dense media to grab the coarse grain out, and then they run floatation. Wodgina, we're 100% flotation; Mt Marion, 100% dense media, and we're going to be adding some flotation down there probably in about a year or 18 months' time. Bald Hill is just dense media. Pretty amazing little plant. It only does about 150,000 tonne a year of product at the moment. So, as I said before, we're in a tough market. We're in one of those downturns. It's nothing we need to panic about. You just need to close your eyes and go, we're in a downturn, no one's making money. I mean, we get that. I mean, we just got to wait because, eventually, a couple of things need to happen. Our lazy third-world – our first-world car manufacturers in Europe and China, all of the leaders in those companies are making great profits out of combustion engines. They don't want to invest the money and waste their profits on developing the electric vehicle. If you have a look at China, China has been working on it for a long, long time. Get a company like BYD, they can go and build a really neat car that you put your kids – your wife and kids in to go to school, I mean, very safe, great cars, low cost. Our Western world friends haven't done that, and just to encourage them and tell them they're doing good, we're going to put some tariff protection on you. I see Canada recently this morning have just come out and said they're going to protect cars going into Canada because they can't make electric cars and they're going to give all of their car manufacturers a free ticket to keep making combustion engines. It's coming. The world's not going to stop demanding we get carbon out of the atmosphere. The cheapest and quickest way of getting it out is we've got technology that gets it out in there. Run electric cars and the amount of carbon you take out of the atmosphere worldwide is phenomenal. So, I think we're probably a couple of years behind where we want it to be. I think that probably, by the time we get up around late 2026, early 2027, we're going to see a big change in the supply/demand curve. So, in the meantime, we'll keep doing what we're doing, reducing costs across both our sites, making changes, getting the quality up, getting improvements on recovery. We're looking at a little desktop at the moment. We think, for under about AUD 10 million, we can wind Bald Hill up from about 150,000 to 200,000 tonnes a year. That does two things. Obviously, we get more revenue, but the other thing it does is it pushes our unit costs down. So, we think that we can do that quite cheaply. We think we can probably build a plant. We're going to build a plant in China, haul it over here and glue it in the ground. It's probably 18 months away before we do that. But, we think, for about AUD 30 million, we can build about a 300,000 tonne plant. So, we're pretty much there, but not right now. I've been consolidating. As you know, I'm a strong believer in lithium, where it's one of the things we can dominate in. We're the largest lithium, hard rock lithium producer in the world. I want to get bigger on it as the demand comes back on board. In the meantime, what I've done over the last year or so is I've picked up about 2,000 square kilometers of land in what I consider the most prospective land in the world, down in the Goldfields. That does not include the strategic shareholdings I've got in the juniors. So, it excludes that. Good example of what we've got. If you have a look up around Mt Marion, I picked up the Goldfields land out there. I did that probably over six months ago. We don't advertise that we're doing this and we don't advertise because we don't want to try and give our competition the heads-up on what we're doing, but we've got some really great land down there. We've put some drill rods, only a few drill rods down into right next to Mt Marion, in the  (01:04:29) ground, and we think we've got a solid 50-ish million tonnes we've picked up in there. We've got about that same volume up at Bald Hill. Our geos up there think it's another Mt Marion. But, again, we're running operations up there at the moment and trying to get the drill rigs in. We are getting them in, but it's taking us a little bit longer than we expected. So, we need to get those drill rigs in the ground before we can come out with a reserve and a resource, and then we'll come out with a mine plan on where we're heading. But that's probably a little bit more news at the AGM. But, realistically, it's going to be during next year. So, yeah, working really hard on that consolidation down in the Goldfields. And, as I said earlier if the price of lithium was AUD 1,500, AUD 2,000 a tonne, I mean, this would be a different atmosphere this morning, but it's not. Energy, again, a lot of great success up there. We have got 7,300 square kilometers in the Perth space and so we're the biggest landholders up there. And as one of the past shareholders from the company, I accumulated that off, keeps reminding me and nasty emails. I didn't pay much for it, but we've had great success. We've had four significant gas discoveries up there and one very significant oil discovery and we've had one  (01:05:52). So we drilled and we got no gas to speak of. So five out of six, that's pretty good hit rate when you're looking for gas. Two of those are production wells. But this is basically these two tenements, what we called Lockyer and Erregulla. So, lots and lots of gas up there. I think we've probably got the most gas in the Perth Basin so far. We recently bought our own drilling rig that'll go down 5 kilometers, so that gives us a lot more control over cost and timing and what we're doing. We call it the MinRes Explorer. It's probably about 2 kilometers down at the moment on its first hole for us. So now the hole we're drilling we expect highly likely. Our guys have done good seismic up there. We're probably going to find some more gas. So we're waiting on the government to come out and give us their position on whether they'll let us export LNG. My guess is it's highly likely they will because we've made the right commitments, we're going to sell on the spot market. If there's a shortage of gas in WA, we'll turn our gas back inbound and that will fill that gap for them, provided the others are putting their share in. And it's about a five-year deal. Beyond that, we want to be doing downstream in WA. So we want to be looking at urea, methanol, power generation, all those sort of things so that we can do downstream and get the right return on what we're doing. Carnarvon Basin, we've got 17,500 square kilometers up there running down that coast. That's inland adjacent to the Chevron Gas Field. So, doing a lot of seismic work up there now, and the drill rigs will be heading up there next year. So that's sort of about where we're at in the business, where we're going, what we're doing, what's happened over the last year. As I said, it was our biggest and best year ever. I know it doesn't feel it right here this morning, what we're standing here. But it was a great year for MinRes. I mean, if the lights go out and we don't do any more development for the next 30, 40 years, I mean, the business is going to make a lot of money no matter what. We've sunk the capital, got a bit more. I mean, we'll be running through till late October on what we're doing up at Onslow Iron. After that, I mean, we're pretty much shut everything down and we'll just beginning to pack that, catching fish and watching the cash come in. So, the headline on Onslow Iron, we got it built on time actually, we got it built ahead of time. We got it built on budget as we said. When I started to see is understand for me to get approval out there to get iron ore going out of Onslow, which they called a petrochemical hub, I couldn't get the Liberal government to support me on that at all. When Labor came into power, they had a look at it economically. They saw that the state needed cash income. They've been very practical. Anything that is good for the state, I mean they get behind. And this is going to deliver a lot of obviously benefits to WA in a whole lot of different ways. So they saw their way clear that they said they don't see any harm in 5 million tonnes going out. So, I nodded my head at 5 million tonnes. Then I had a commitment with them that I would be dust free, I'm not going to do what Port Hedland has done to Hedland and I'm not going to do what it does in Dampier, so we will make it dust free. And then I sort of quietly got up to 15-ish million tonnes and then 20 million tonnes, then 30 million tonnes, and that was a promise that I wouldn't go any further than 30 million tonnes. And then Mark McGowan went out of office and Roger Cook came in, so during that period I went along with another 5 million tonnes. So we were sort of sitting in around about AUD 2.7 billion to get that 30 million tonnes delivered. And that little sneaky 5 million tonnes that went in, the joint venture issued MinRes construction with about a AUD 560 million variation to add that extra tonnage. So, you do the math on 5 million tonnes after you got and it works incredibly well. So I hope that gives you a good understanding of cost and time. We're always committed. First ore was due on ship in October this year. They also gave me a little variation to try and speed that up, I got a variation for about AUD 100 million to speed the project up and pull it back to June. And we've really stretched that and we got that first shipment out in May, which is pretty phenomenal. So look, all in all, going forward, I mean, we're going to do what we always do. I can't tell you exactly what we ended up, I'll give you a good flavor for what it looks like, but I'm going to say that we're going to be unbelievably conservative and we're going to rope in every dollar, we scrutinize every dollar we're spending. Why are we doing that? Because if we come out the other side of this with a bucket load of cash, I mean, that's where the opportunity sits in these times. I mean, I've had my best opportunities. I'm not going to go and spend money, but we will develop some opportunities going through where we're heading. So very, very conservative year. It's going to be a little bit tough with the lithium. We all know that. I don't know where the price is going. I mean, I would have thought a couple of months ago we were dragging on the bottom. But we've sort of edged it, we've gone down a little bit further than that. It'll be – any new mines coming on stream at the moment. I'd hate to be there, be at the cash rate will be phenomenal. Whereas we're in the opposite direction, us and PLS and the likes of Albemarle and Greenbushes are in a pretty good place. I mean, we'll weather the storm. It ain't going to be pretty but we will get there. So balance sheet is a focus. If I fast forward 12 months and 18 months out from now, balance sheet, the cash that'll roll in, I mean, the loans that we've got with our JV partners, they have to prioritize them out of the value coming out of that iron ore until they pay those down to us. So, we've got some pretty good income coming at us. Got a great experienced management team. I've got people that have got good, strong, contracting background, commodity background. I mean, we know what we're doing. We're hands on operators, we get in the weeds, we understand the detail. I mean, that's really, really critical. I know every part of my business front and back. And as I said, I've been through a number of cycles. I've run a company and administration, got it out of receivership back in the 1980s. I've had a lot of practice, not that I need that practice now, but I know how to make sure. And sadly, hey, you got to pull back on businesses. It cost people jobs, it's not a pretty time to be around. But look, we've got good balance sheet management and as I said, we've got lots of great opportunities ahead, but we're going to manage to the times. So, if you've got any questions, more than happy to answer them. Thank you, Chris. For those I've not met, my name's James Marocchi. I'm the Treasurer here at MinRes. In a moment we'll open up both the floor and the online portal for questions for those attending virtually if you've not submitted your question yet or joined the live audio queue, please do so now. For those in the room with questions, please raise your hand and Kate and myself will head over to you with a microphone. Please ensure to start your question with your name and company affiliation. We'd ask if you could please limit to a single question to allow time for other participants, and we'll circle back if the time permits. We intend to go back and forth between live questions in the room and online questions throughout the session. With that, I'll open the floor to questions initially. 
            Questions and Answers: Yeah. Thanks. Morning. Chris, can I ask two? Firstly, on the lithium business obviously it's a year where, as you said, you're throwing out the deckchairs, but you're all-in cost for the business, including capital, is probably around AUD 1,800 a tonne. Where do you think costs across the lithium business can get to? Obviously, it's a function of how much you produce and you're trying to be restrained in that respect. But what do you see is the ultimate goal for the all-in sustaining cost of the lithium business? Thanks. Good question, because, I mean, the capital – we're spending capital down there and we need to get that done so that we can come on stronger when the price comes back. Look, my expectation is that we might be at down at these sort of levels for six months or so. I mean, I would expect sort of getting early into the next year that the first – the prices are going to go up somewhat. If they don't, then there's going to be a lot of operations that'll just turn off. I don't want to guess where I can get with all of that because we're still trying to figure out what we're going to spend that capital on. We've got a good idea. And it also largely depends on where the dirt is coming from out of the ore body. Some parts of the ore body literally yield twice as many tonnes per day in process through the plant. So, other than the guidance we give you, I don't want to sort of go too much further. Okay. Thanks for that. And then, secondly, you gave the detail in the waterfall of the CapEx that's spent at Onslow, et cetera, and obviously, your guidance for FY 2025. Beyond FY 2025, is there any CapEx remaining to complete Onslow to 35 million tonnes per annum? And growth CapEx, obviously, they'll be sustaining but... No, look, if I said there's a lot of bits and pieces all around on tidy-up work, and sort of comms and stuff up the road. If I said that after Christmas, we're going to spend AUD 100-ish million spread over the next sort of six months would be probably tops, I'm thinking Jon? Yes, about right. Yeah. AUD 100 million, it just runs off the tongue. It's not much, is it? No. Hi. Good morning, Chris. Thank you. Kate McCutcheon at Citi. At the June quarter results, I suddenly got the sense that Onslow, 50 million tonnes, was something that was happening. You were going to 40 million tonnes and 50 million tonnes. Today, it seems like that shifted to the right, which is fine, but just wondering what sort of changed. And then, secondly, what does that mean for going to 50 million tonnes in terms of CapEx when you decide to do it? Because I assume you've got a construction workforce that's rolling off, and then you'll have to come in. If you can sort of talk through that. Yeah, and that construction workforce, I mean, for 30 years, we've managed it. We do external work with it. Some of them will disappear, but it's managing the business at the time. So, I mean, why are we not going with it? Because price in iron ore has dropped down to AUD 100 a tonne. And the Lithium business is basically dragging along the bottom. And until we get some improvements in both the balance sheet and the outlook, we just don't spend the money. But when we said we were going to go to 50 million tonnes, iron ore was AUD 130 a tonne. We were sort of sitting around AUD 15, AUD 16, AUD 100 a tonne on lithium. And I kind of had an expectation, I thought that lithium would struggle to get under AUD 1,000 a tonne. It's gone under. Sort of want to break that barrier. So, when that sort of thing happens, I mean, the spend just completely changes. Okay. That makes sense. Thank you. And then, the lithium volumes, you've obviously got two joint venture partners you're working with. You talked about the CapEx that you're spending. So, it looks like going to be a tough year with pricing here. Just, is this a collaborative guidance plan with your joint venture partners, or any comments around how they're feeling around putting CapEx and money in, I guess? Yeah. Look, I was up in London a month ago. I spent three days with Albemarle, and we sat down and we had a look at where we're heading over the next sort of one year and then the next five years. And look, they've been a fantastic partner. We went through some changes, which with Albemarle around my view on downstream processing and having plant ownership in China with lithium. But a great partner, I mean, we're pretty much as one on where we're going. I mean, they leave us to manage it around the plan. But I mean, clearly, capital is key going forward, and it's not happening. I mean, we still – look on the 50 million tonne on Train 4, Train 5 and Train 6 at Wodgina, we're still doing down the path. We're doing the engineering. We're having a look at all of those white collar things sort of from sitting in the office. We're doing all of the agreements with the traditional landowners. We're getting all the approvals done, particularly, around onsite to go out to 50 million tonnes. I mean, that might take us another year or so, but getting all that done doesn't cost a heap of beans, but having it set and ready to go. And I got a question a while at why was the capital intensity on going from AUD 35 to AUD 50 so high. I mean, the reason for that is that we probably haven't openly disclosed this, but there's a channel that comes in for about 20 miles, that thanks to uncle Chevron, they dredged that. It's 14 meters deep, and then, it comes to a stop just pass the LNG product load-out. And then, it goes to 8 meters into a little service wharf. And that's sort of – that area, we've got out train shipping. So, on one side of that 14-meter basin, Chevron; on the other side, you can go and drop a berth in there. You can bring cape carriers into that. And you can two-thirds load them and sail them out. They really need 18 meters of trench. We don't want to dig it, so we can sail them out, two-thirds loaded. And economically, we get quite a big saving on doing that. So, we've sort of fudged all that into that AUD 15 million add-on because the operating costs again kind of plummet. But yeah, look, I hope that gives you – there's always a lot more than meets the eye that's going on when I explain that about the berth and the savings. What we aim for is, if you overspend on the capital because you get those operating costs down, that's the thing that's going to be around. Capital is a one-off thing, it's nothing. By the time I get to this time next year, you'll go – you'll be like, my bondholders in the US, they go, what's the problem? What are these guys not getting? And I go, you need to go talk to them. I mean, when I go to the US, go to the bondholders, we just sit around, talk about fishing, and they go, we love the business. It's amazing. Can we lend you some more money. And right now, I've got a nervous bunch of nellies in Australia. Thank you, Chris. We'll switch to online, to the next one. Thanks, James.  Our first online question today comes from Rahul Anand from Morgan Stanley. Rahul, please go ahead after the beep. Oh, hi. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for the call. Look, I have two questions. One was related to the Mining Services, Chris, where you talked about, in the next 18 months, you expect to get to AUD 2.20 a tonne, which is about a 10% lift in your margins. I would think that, that continues down that trajectory where your Mining Services margins continue improving into the medium term, beyond that. If you could provide a bit of color on that, that would be great. And then, the second one is just your plan on the gas assets. You've had a few good holes there. What's the strategy? Is it similar to part sell or do you want to prove it up a bit more before you get to that stage and try to get a bit of cash in? Thanks. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for that. Look, firstly, on the margins, I mean, I astound myself year-after-year that we not only keep growing that business at 15-some years, 20%, 25%, but we also grow the margins. I mean, it's getting tougher and tougher to do that. I mean, I do have that expectation. We're washing out some of the low-end stuff down around the Yilgarn. We're bringing on some better, longer-term, high quality. And the reason we get those margins, too, by the way, is that when you tip innovation – and so, our crushing plants, 15 million tonne, we can put them on ground for a pretty low capital cost. So, Onslow Iron, I'm going to think that we probably put that in for about AUD 230 million. We got 45 million tonne up there. I mean, if you were doing that on any of the major sites, the Tier 1 sites, they wouldn't get it done for AUD 1.5 billion. So, that attracts margin. That helps us to be able to do that. These big road trains were developed. There's nothing like it. I mean, they move dirt at a low number, and they're incredibly popular. I mean, I'm fighting my guys to make sure I've got enough traction on the line because they're putting them everywhere. Yeah, I do think, we're going to get to AUD 2.20, 18 months to 2 years down the track from now and sustainably. I'm not sure how much more I can keep lifting those margins. Someone's going to shoot me one day. And the gas, what's the plan on the gas? The gas was to be self-sufficient on day one. That's why I got those tenements self-sufficient and just have another cost that we can control. So, it's like opening an airline. The more costs we control and the more we can control when we turn our operations on, the more money we make. We've found a huge amount of gas more than we expected. I mean, we've got a pretty good crew working on it. What is the plan? Plan is to see if I can go and export. I've got a number of organizations out there that want to provide the capital, so they want to provide it. And similar to what we've done on the road, they tip in the capital at 8%, 9%. And we're looking for 20%, 25% return. So, that opportunity is sitting there, but we're opportunists as well. Part of our model is to lock down long-term mining services agreements and not necessarily own the product beyond that. So, who knows what will happen. Thank you. Our next online question comes from Kaan Peker from RBC. Kaan, please go ahead after the beep. Good morning, Chris. I just wanted to talk or ask you around the changes at Mt Marion, increasing the quality of the final product. What, operationally, have been done there? And is there any possibility of reducing capital that Mt Marion? Obviously, you've talked about underground and flotation? How committed to the capital are you at Mt Marion? Thanks. Yeah. Look, eventually – I want to keep spending this money down there in these improvements. So, we're going to put in  wims (01:25:30) down there and we're putting on ore sorters. Ore sorters pulls the iron out, so much higher quality feed going to the plant. Eventually, we'll have all fresh feed coming at that plant as well. We're probably a year away from that. But once I get to that level – I mean, I want to, one day, get back to where we were in terms of the cost. So, once I get my strip ratio down, I get all of those incremental changes and improvements done, I mean, I'm going to guess, I want to be sitting down around about below $500 a tonne FOB with that operation. And look, right now, we have to pull back on the tonnes going into the market. I mean, that makes common sense to do that. I get rid of cash burn out of there. So, a whole dig fleet, 600-tonne digger and about 9 big trucks and a whole bunch of dozers and stuff. And the people associated with that are all going to go. That, post my unit, costs up a little bit, but I'm also – what we've been doing is scavenging that product down there. So, a lot of stuff that was normally going to tails, we've been grabbing at it 3%, 3.25%. We're now pushing that over 4%. When you do that, when you turn the dial up, your yield drops. So, you're getting less tonnes out but at high quality, if that makes sense. But that does push the costs up in the short term. But so, I need to have that combination running for the next 12 months. Our next online question comes from Rob Stein from Macquarie. Rob, please go ahead after the beep. Hi, Chris and team. Thanks for the opportunity. Just a question about Mt Marion. So, obviously, you can see that volumes has pulled back some of that – pullback, again, with the market response with offtakes and the impacts of the market in China. But similarly, can you sort of comment on what you're expecting to do at Mt Marion around the underground? I'm noticing the increased capital in Lithium given the market environment. Is that related to the underground development that you continue in there? And can we expect volumes to respond once that's fully developed? Yeah, of course. I mean, we're spending capital on that. But as I said earlier, I mean, we literally – in terms of the savings we get on strip down there, we've saved billions. And I can't give you the number, but it's more than AUD 3 billion that we saved on that strip down there. So, yes, we're about a year away from getting down to about 350-meter vertical level. Once we're down there, well, obviously, we'll pull some dirt out for the plant, we'll pause a little bit, because once we get there, we've got to put the drill rigs in again and pump some more holes. And once you're down at that level, and then we'll develop a mine plan. But yeah, the overall result is that, hopefully, within about 12, 15 months from now, we're going to get down to a sort of a longer-life bottom cost per tonne. Thanks. I'll hand back to the in-room questions now. Thank you. Morning, Chris. Mitch Ryan from Jefferies. Two questions. My first one is, on slide 16, you've shown us your debt profile as at the end of June. Can you talk to us as we sit here today, how much is the revolver; and the $750 million bridging facility have been drawn? Yeah. So, none of the bridging facilities has been drawn. We've drawn down on three revolving credit facilities, about AUD 270 million. Okay. Thank you. And secondly, can you give us an update on Onslow, how that's going operationally? Obviously, you said, you were mining at roughly 100 million tonnes per week. How much are you shipping? What's your ship loading rate at this point in time? It's 1 million tonne a week that we're moving, 1 million tonne, so a bit over 50 million a year.   (01:30:01) No. So, that's combination of the strip and ore, waste and ore coming out to get the 35 million tonne. So, we're currently ramping up progressively. We'll be at a 18 million tonne run rate by December; end of December, 18 million tonnes. So, if you divide 18 million tonnes by 12, that'll give you the monthly run rate for December. Going on a ship. Going on a ship. Yes, and then, we'll progressively push that out to 35 million by June/July next year. We'll be sitting at 35 million tonnes. Sorry. To clarify, you said that's 18 million tonnes by December. How are we going today? September, August – so, for the month of August, I'm going to guess, we're probably doing 450,000 tonnes? Yeah. And that's a pure guess. I mean, I've been so wound up in a whole bunch of stuff, I've lost touch in the last couple of weeks. But I think we're doing maybe two Cape carriers and maybe pushing for three. So, that's somewhere between 220,000 and 640,000. Sorry, 420,000 to 620,000. Hey, Chris. It's Glyn Lawcock at Barrenjoey. Can you just help me understand a little bit. I mean, it is tough times. You're battening down the hatches, and it's – but it's still cyclical, not structural, right? So, I think you'd probably agree. You've been through many cycles. So, why didn't you push ahead? I mean, there are ways to bridge the debt problem you've got and push ahead and act pro-cyclically versus restricting. Because you mean you've got some of the lowest-cost assets in the lithium market, particularly, Wodgina. Yes. Yet you're pulling it back. And I remember, you said last time, you're upset Albemarle made you turn it off. Yeah. Then, the market turned. I feel like you've ... Done it. ...  (01:32:05) again. No, no. And, yeah, you're right in what you're saying. But I was really upset with Albemarle turning it off. And we should have kept those two trains running, but it's a viewable mine. I don't want that to end up in the paper that – I mean, we've got a great partnership with them. But the reason for that is that, from our experiences, mining versus in chemical process, we needed to be moving the top off that mountain back in 2018; would have been a different position – if we had it – when we caught that cycle, we would have been in a way different position. So, right now, I don't want to turn off. I want to keep all the development work running and I want to keep that idling over, and I'll do that. I don't want to change, so I'm pretty much locked into that for the next 12 months. We've sort of agreed that we're not going to do anything different to conserve capital, but we will keep the two trains running. I mean, you could go a lot more conservative and we could shut down an operation if we chose. I don't want to do that. And the other part of that, too, is that, I mean, we've got a social responsibility, too. We can't just keep turning people on and off as well. I mean, we've got some good people and years of training to get them where we are. Losing that experience would be painful. I get it. So, you think this is the optimum to manage cash flow today is what you're aiming for? Yes. Yeah. This is my view. We're doing everything we can to both balance and keep it operating and get development done. So, as we come out the other side, we're in a much better condition. I've maintained the workforce. I don't want to lose that skill set that I've got. And I think I'll get this back in spades when the price gets back to something normal. Okay. Thanks. Understanding, too, I mean, a lot of this is judgment call. We'll head back to the online portal now. Thanks. Our next question comes from Lachlan Shaw from UBS. Lachlan, please go ahead after the beep. Morning, Chris and team. Thank you for your time. Just a couple from me. Maybe if I can start with Mt Marion. So, focused here to improve  (01:34:23), et cetera. So, what's the potential to that  (01:34:27) margin? So, you have spot spodumene $770 SC6. The move that you're putting in place here, would that get the asset to positive cash flow breakeven? So, how do we think about that going forward? And I'll come back with my second question. Well, look, the answer to that is yes. I wouldn't be doing it if I didn't think that we're going to come out the other side like that. So, I don't know what more I can say on Mt Marion. No, that's helpful. Thank you. And then, just secondly, just a couple of clarifications on capital guidance, CapEx funds for FY 2025. So, sustaining about AUD 0.5 billion, how do we think about that moving forward as the business gets bigger as Onslow ramps up? And then, just a point of clarification, the Mining Services growth CapEx of AUD 235 million, just wondering, the projects that you've cited, does any of that relates on Onslow? Thank you. I think, obviously, we haven't provided guidance beyond FY 2025. So, I think it's difficult to call what sustaining will look like in that time. I think what I would say is, you can always optimize sustaining depending on price environments to be able to accommodate cash. Sorry, what was your second question – second part of your question? Right, just a clarification on the Mining Services growth capital. What was it? AUD 235 million or thereabout. I'm just wondering if any of that relates to works at Onslow or if it's sort of separate projects. Thank you. There's a strong demand for external projects for Mining Services, as Chris alluded to. What they do is pretty exceptional in the market, and they're increasing that demand of their service. And so, that's typically external looking contracts. Thanks. Our next question comes from Paul Young from Goldman Sachs. Paul, please go ahead after the beep. Thanks. Thanks. Morning, Chris. Chris, it's been a pretty well 12 months in, but you've been here before, particularly back in 2015, and making pretty tough decisions by pausing growth on Wodgina and also Ashburton and reducing the workforce. They're not easy decisions. Looking at your balance sheet and just iterations, it does seem like this – you've come out of Plan B today, which is cutting costs and also CapEx. I know you previously said that you've got a lot of levers you can pull. And to your point around the lithium price, you weren't expecting prices to fall below AUD 1,000. So, I'm just wondering if things do stay at current levels and iron ore does de-rate further, do you have a Plan C? So, do you have any options around asset sales or further cost out? So, asset sales, no. The answer is I don't. I have assets that people would like to buy. I don't have any plans on selling them. And what I'll do is if the price of lithium continues to drop, I mean, there won't be a mine on the planet that's making money. So, we will really just start pulling more and harder and harder on the spend until we strangle it. The iron ore, look, I don't know where the iron ore is going either, but I suspect it's sort of bouncing around where it's going to be. I'm not overly concerned about iron ore. At AUD 100 bucks a tonne, I mean, I'm happy with that. If it stays there for the next 50 years, I'm really happy. But yeah, lithium, I don't think lithium sustainable where it is. I don't see any companies out there that are going to turn the dollar. So, at a point in time, if it got worse and it was going to go for longer, we'd take much more drastic action. We'd probably think about what the next steps were. I don't want to go and say them here, but, I mean, we'll take whatever steps we have to do to save the beast. Thanks. That's the last question we have time for. I'll hand it back to you, Chris. Okay. Well, look, thanks, everyone, for your attendance. Not the best set of annual results we've ever turned out, but I mean, we're victims of the circumstances, like everyone. But be assured that we will continue to do what we've done for a long time. We'll manage the cash, we'll manage the business and we'll come out as we always do. I mean, we'll come out much stronger. I mean, we've got a pretty amazing business. I mean, we've got great assets, and we've got a great management team. And by and large, I mean, we've mostly got some great shareholders who have been around a long time. So, bear with us. We're just on another cycle. We'll come out the other side of this, and we'll be in much better shape. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. 
            