
            Management Discussion: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the PLS FY 2025 Interim Results Webcast Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your speaker today, Dale Henderson, Managing Director and CEO. Please go ahead. Thank you, Michelle, and good morning, good evening, hello everyone. I'd like to begin by acknowledging the traditional owners on the lands of which our businesses operate, the Whadjuk people of the Noongar Nation in Perth, where we are undertaking our call today, and the Nyamal and Kariyarra people, where our operations are located in the Pilbara. We pay our respects to their elders past and present. Now as many will be aware, the Pilbra region was hit with tropical cyclone Zelia last week. This large Cat 5 system presented a very strong threat to all on its way. Now I'm pleased to report for PLS, there were no injuries or major damage from the cyclone, which came very close to our operation at Pilgangoora. Production was disrupted for about six days with both readiness, ramp up and ramp down within that period. I'd like to thank the local authorities for the professional management of the event and the many resource companies that pulled together to navigate this challenge. In particular, thank you to Simon Trott, and the Rio team for lending us a hand. Lastly, thank you to the PLS team for all of their preparation, readiness and teamwork. Now moving to slide 2. The six month period ending 31 of December 2025 ending – sorry, ending December 2024, showcased our robust operational performance underpinned by well executed project delivery. It was also a half of major milestones. Firstly, we had the commissioning of our whole of ore crushing and sorting facility, the largest of its kind, lithium processing. Secondly, we extended our global footprint of growth options with the successful acquisition of Latin Resources. And thirdly, we further reinforced the group's capital structure through securing AUD 1 billion RCF supported by major banks locally and abroad. This, of course, has occurred against a backdrop of the ever evolving lithium market. Now joining me today to walk through us -- walk through the details, Luke Bortoli, our CFO, we are also supported by the wider team who are with us in the room today. Now we know it's a very busy day today with many calls on. So we're aiming for this call to be 45 minutes. And for those who can't join us, we will be available to take call – questions after or please reach out to James. Now I'll begin with a brief presentation, before opening the floor for Q&A, during the remaining time. Questions from webcast will be addressed towards the end of the call. Now let's review our strategy and performance highlights, moving to slide 3. Our strategy is driven by a clear vision to be a leader in the provision of materials supporting the global energy transition. As many are aware, the lithium market has been dynamic, driven by rapid growth to meet strong underlying demand for lithium products. For PLS, navigating this has required a disciplined approach to capital preservation and capital allocation, working with the market cycle. A key focus of this has been reinvestment back into the base operations to scale and reduce operating costs. This flows to widening realized margin, increased leverage for higher priced environments, and of course, being more cycle resilient. FY 2025 to date has demonstrated our ability to effectively execute on the strategy. A key highlight has been the expansion of our operational base, notably the development of the larger, lower operating cost P1000 facility. The integration of this facility remains a critical focus. Some of this work commenced in the December quarter and will continue through the March quarter as we target exiting the financial year in nameplate capacity. As highlighted in our FY 2025 guidance, we expect the second half of this financial year's production to be weighted towards the latter part of the year due to the P1000 ramp up. Now with this context in mind, let's now move to the highlights for the half year period. Turning to slide 4. We released our December quarter update recently. And that, of course, I touched on many of the highlights for the half year. So to recap those, we achieved record production volumes of 408,000 tonnes, being a 28% increase on the prior period or 88,000 tonne step up. We generated AUD 426 million in revenue, AUD 74 million in underlying EBITDA, reflective of the lower market pricing, yet also supported by the strong operating cost performance. We concluded the period at the end of 2024, with a robust cash position of AUD 1.2 billion. And the Board of PLS did not declare an interim dividend payment for the first half in line with the group's capital management framework and to preserve balance sheet strength. During the period, we also implemented the P850 operating model, which is expected to deliver a cash flow improvement of approximately AUD 200 million in FY 2025. This initiative further underscores our commitment to operational excellence and highlights our resilience and flexibility to adapt to market conditions. With regards to projects, it's been a huge year-to-date, the P680 Crushing and Sorting plant was commissioned and is now fully operational. And the P1000 project reached a significant milestone with the first ore being achieved at the end of January. I'm pleased to say that the ramp up continues to proceed to plan. Now it's important to note that we will continue ramping up this extra processing capacity of the P1000 project through the March quarter and into the June quarter, which will result in the second half production bank weighted to the latter part of the year. We look forward to demonstrating the benefits of our expanded and improved operating platform in FY 2026 as we expect to yield improved unit cost and improved margin expansions. Now I can confirm our FY 2025 guidance range remains unchanged. During the half, we also commence the acquisition of Latin Resources. This acquisition represents a major strategic milestone for the company. From this point forward, our next steps include targeted exploration, optimizing assets through studies to unlock shareholder value. We will continue to invest modestly in this asset to ensure it progresses appropriately in anticipation of supportive market conditions. This measured investment approach reflects our disciplined capital allocation strategy. Now our unwavering focus on cost reduction and fiscal prudence remains a cornerstone of our business, honed over the eight years of operational pursuit. We are confident in achieving improved unit cost performance in FY 2026. We capitalize on the efficiencies generated by expanding operational platform. Stepping forward to slide 5. As it relates to sustainability, we have continued our focus in this regard was some notable achievements in the last six months. As it relates to safety, our December quarter demonstrated some fantastic safety performance stats, with TRIFR improving from 4.03 to 3.58. And this was care of no recordable injuries for that period, which was – sorry, for the December quarter, which is our best quarterly performance in over three years. So well done to the operations and projects team for their fantastic outcome. As it relates to power, we progressed our power strategy moving away from diesel by installing commissioning our gas generators in the period, and we expect to complete the installation of our battery components in the coming weeks. We also secured a AA ESG rating from MSCI, reinforcing a positive trajectory in ESG. So a great set of outcomes across the board. Now moving to slide 6. As I mentioned, we were pleased to complete the acquisition of Latin Resources, and this finalized just the other week early in calendar year 2025. This transaction marks a significant strategic milestone of PLS' journey, expanding our global footprint as a major lithium material supplier. With the acquisition complete, our team has now initiated a comprehensive review to formulate and optimize asset development plan. Key areas of  media work (00:10:33) include targeted exploration to expand the resource and optimizing the engineering work completed today, including integrating our IP and learnings from Australia. We have forecast second half FY 2025 costs, including approximately AUD 15 million in one-off transaction expenses and AUD 30 million to AUD 35 million in operational expenditures. We'll update on our proposed development plan in time. However, I can reassure you that our strategy of measured market aligned investment will continue as we have pursued throughout our history today. Now with that, I'll hand over to Luke to take us through the financials. Thanks, Dale, and good morning to those on the call. Please turn to slide 8 of the presentation for a summary of the group's key financial metrics for the half year ended 31 December 2024, or H1 FY 2025. H1 FY 2025 was a period of strong underlying performance, notwithstanding the impact of lower prices period-on-period. For the underlying Pilgangoora operation, the group reported revenue of $426 million and positive underlying EBITDA of AUD 74 million. We also reported a positive cash margin from operations of AUD 41 million, reflecting the strong cash generation of the business even at lower average realized prices. Our ending cash balance remained strong at AUD 1.2 billion. Turning to physicals, as Dale mentioned, we reported record production volume of 408,000 tonnes of spodumene concentrate in H1 FY 2025. This was 28% or 88,000 tonnes higher than the prior corresponding period. As mentioned in the December quarterly, the step up in production volume achieved in H1 FY 2025 was underpinned by a full period of operating with the P680 Primary Rejection Facility and recovery improvements across both plants. Sales volume of 419,000 tonnes in H1 FY 2025 was 37% higher than prior corresponding period, enabled by the higher production volume. Average realized price declined from $1,645 per tonne in H1 FY 2024 to $688 per tonne in H1 FY 2025, a 58% reduction. This was the key driver of the decline in group revenue and profitability, with revenue of AUD 426 million, 44% lower than the prior corresponding period, with some offsetting benefit from the higher sales volume. Moving down the P&L. As I mentioned earlier, underlying EBITDA was AUD 74 million, a reduction of 83% on the prior corresponding period. Similar to revenue, the decline in EBITDA primarily reflected the impact of lower realized prices. Underlying loss after tax was AUD 7 million, a 102% reduction on the prior corresponding period, reflecting the same drivers as underlying EBITDA as well as higher depreciation expense with a larger asset base on completion of the Primary Rejection Facility. Statutory loss after tax was AUD 69 million, a 132% reduction on the prior corresponding period. Statutory results reflect the performance of the Pilgangoora operation with the addition of the group's investments in its new growth platforms, the PPLS JV and the Mid-Stream Demonstration Plant Project. Turning now to slide 9. Slide 9 provides further detail on the group's profit and loss, including the key metrics used by management to assess the performance of the business. Operating costs, excluding depreciation, which is equivalent to CIF costs, increased by 10% relative to the prior corresponding period to AUD 303 million in H1 FY 2025. This increase in costs supported the 28% increase in production volume, showing the benefits of operating leverage in the business. General and administrative expenses of AUD 30 million reduced by 7%, demonstrating the group's ongoing focus on cost efficiencies while supporting the expanded operation. Exploration and feasibility expenses of AUD 13 million was 13% higher than the prior corresponding period, mainly due to water exploration drilling, again, to support the expanded operation. Net finance income of AUD 3 million was 93% lower than the prior corresponding period, mainly due to interest income, which reduced in line with the group's lower cash balance. Turning now to slide 10. On an FOB unit operating cost basis, excluding royalties and shipping, unit costs were AUD 614 per tonne in H1 FY 2025, a pleasing 11% improvement on the PCP. This was driven by higher sales volume, offsetting marginally higher production costs in line with the  Pilgangoora (00:15:13) expansion. On a CIF basis, unit operating costs was AUD 724 per tonne in H1 FY 2025, a 20% reduction on the prior corresponding period, driven by lower FOB costs and lower royalty costs as a result of the aforementioned decrease in average realized price. We note that the second half of FY 2025 will see temporarily higher unit costs due to scheduled downtime for the ties and ramp-up of P1000 project before moving into a steady state in FY 2026. What is pleasing for us is that the operation has already shown a decline in unit costs over FY 2024 and now in H1 FY 2025, which is proving up the benefits of the Pilgangoora expansion and investment. Turning now to slide 11. As a headline comment -- apologies, slide 11 shows the summary of cash flow statement for the six months ending December 31, 2024. As a headline comment, the group ended the year with a strong cash balance of AUD 1.2 billion despite lower prices. It also generated a positive cash margin from operations. Cash margin from operations, measured as receipts from customers less payments for operating costs was AUD 41 million in the period. Moving down the cash flow statement. Total operating cash flow was AUD 40 million. This reflects the group's corporate costs, exploration and feasibility expenses and interest received net of other costs. In this period, the group received a net income tax refund of AUD 46 million. The net tax refund was a consequence of paying higher PAYG installment rates – at a higher installment rate than the final tax payment amount in FY 2024. Moving to investing cash flows. Total investing cash flows of AUD 443 million in H1 FY 2025 was driven by CapEx spend largely on capitalized mine development, sustaining capital, growth CapEx being the P680 and P1000 projects as well as the purchase of exploration tenements. Financing cash outflows was AUD 52 million, primarily relating to lease payments of AUD 32 million, interest and other finance costs of AUD 17 million and transaction costs of AUD 13 million. Interest expense of AUD 17 million reflected interest on borrowings of AUD 9 million and lease interest of AUD 5 million plus other finance fees of AUD 3 million, transaction costs of AUD 13 million are non-recurring and mainly due to RCF debt facility establishment fees. As announced in the December quarterly, the net change in borrowings during the period was broadly neutral, with AUD 375 million of debt drawn from the group's AUD 1 billion revolving credit facility to refinance the group's previous loan facilities. Turning now to slide 12. Slide 12 provides a waterfall chart representation of our H1 FY 2025 cash flow statement. Throughout the half, we saw a total change in cash or cash outflow of AUD 455 million with cash declining from AUD 1.6 billion, as at June 30, 2024 to AUD 1.2 billion as at December 31, 2024. The AUD 455 million reduction in cash during the half was primarily driven by planned capital expenditure, as shown on the chart. As mentioned, our cash margin from operations of AUD 41 million in the half reflects the strong cash generation of the business, pre-capital expenditure, even at today's low average realized prices. Cash margin from operations less ongoing capitalized mine development costs and sustaining CapEx was negative AUD 61 million. Turning to investing cash flows, total spend of AUD 436 million was made on CapEx and the purchase of exploration tenements. CapEx on an accrual basis was AUD 358 million and comprised growth CapEx related to the completion of P680 and the continuation of the P1000 expansion project of AUD 163 million, infrastructure and projects of AUD 92 million, mine development costs of AUD 84 million and sustaining CapEx of AUD 18 million. There was also AUD 12 million of investing cash outflows, related to the acquisition of tenements from Kairos Minerals Limited and other smaller tenement acquisitions. The difference between cash spend and accruals in the period related to the timing of cash payments  through the number of (00:19:24) P680 and P1000 cash payments occurring in H1 FY 2025, which were accrued for in the previous period. We note that for the FY 2025 period, CapEx is weighted to the first half with all of P680 and the majority of the P1000 CapEx spend now largely spent with construction largely complete. CapEx spend is tracking in line with guidance. Turning now to slide 13. The group is in a strong cash and liquidity position with cash of AUD 1.2 billion and undrawn liquidity of AUD 625 million as at December 31, 2024. This equates to a total of AUD 1.8 billion of liquidity to support our ongoing operations. As mentioned earlier, debt of AUD 375 million was drawn from the group's AUD 1 billion revolving credit facility to refinance the group's previous loan facilities on improved terms. On an annualized basis, the net interest cost of the group's AUD 375 million drawdown is relatively immaterial at less than AUD 2 million, assuming the funds are based on deposits. The group continues to maintain a prudent approach to balance sheet management with a number of ongoing cost efficiency program in place internally and as reflected in the decline in costs in H1 FY 2025. Turning now to slide 14. Slide 14 sets out our summary balance sheet. As at December 31, 2024, the group recorded net assets of AUD 3.2 billion, relatively flat on the prior period. This flat net asset outcome period-on-period largely reflects a decline in cash that was spent on property, plant and equipment due to planned capital expenditures and a reduction in our payables from the settlement of accrual. There are a couple of items to note on the balance sheet. The increase in inventories reflects an increase in ore stockpiles of AUD 27 million, in line with increased production volume rates during the period, higher consumables of AUD 10 million, partially offset by lower spodumene concentrate stockpiles of AUD 2 million. The reduction to financial assets on the balance sheet primarily reflects a AUD 16 million non-cash decline in the fair value of the group's call option to acquire a 12% shareholding in the POSCO joint venture, which has a carrying value of AUD 40 million at December 31, 2024. The reduction in the equity accounted investment reflects a AUD 22 million share of loss from the group's 18% shareholding in the POSCO joint venture with a carrying value of AUD 43 million as at December 31. The increase in lease liabilities is mainly due to new lease equipment added during the period in support of the transition to an owner-operator mining model. These liabilities generally have a five-year payback period with a balloon payment at the end of that period. Overall, the group's net asset position remains very strong at AUD 3.2 billion period-on-period. I'll now hand it back to Dale. Thank you very much, Luke. And just to offer a few comments on the market. Moving to slide 16. Lithium market is evolving quickly, fueled by technological breakthroughs, government policies and the global shift towards cleaner energy, but it's been tumultuous as these growth drivers have continued to shape the market. Now as mentioned at our December quarterly results, milestones for last calendar year were significant  for outright (00:22:40) lithium demand, global demand surpassed 1 million tonnes  LCE (00:22:44) for the first time, growing 30% year-on-year, at  Datacare benchmark (00:22:50). As it relates to the key subsets of demand – as it relates to EV sales, global electric vehicle sales reached 17.1 million units for 2024, up 23% year-on-year. So an increase of actually 3.4 million units from the prior year, that  Datacare (00:23:10) Rho Motion. And as it relates to energy storage, 2024 was a year of immense growth. Demand for energy storage systems or ESS surged by 53% year-on-year with 205 gigawatt hours of global deployments as reported by Rho Motion. Now as we stepped into this calendar year 2025. Well, it started strongly. As it relates to EV sales in January, it has been 1.3 million units, which reflects an 18% year-on-year increase. And that spread, what's pleasing is its spread geographically broadly. So China recorded a 12% year-on-year increase, North America 22%; and Europe, 21%. Now beyond those indicators, there are more indicators of further change underway in the industry. So as it relates to the automotive sector and specifically solid-state batteries, at the second Annual China all Solid-state Battery and Development Summit, BYD announced that its first EVs with solid-state batteries are expected in 2027. With CATL also slated to begin production that year. As it relates to cost competitiveness of EVs, Rho Motion reported that in calendar year 2024, Chinese EVs were 8% cheaper than internal combustion engine alternatives. So of course this – we believe this is a key driver of the adoption rate and it could well be a potential sign of an accelerated global shift. As it relates to trucks, Bloomberg reported China sold nearly 80,000 zero-emission trucks last year. This is a doubling on the prior year's figures, vastly surpassing expectations. This was made up predominantly of heavy-duty battery electric grid. So as you can hear, there is a lot going on in the auto industry. And in fact, this has actually been confirmed through survey where according to AlixPartners, their annual survey  which converts (00:25:18) more than 3,200 executives, the automotive sector is expected to be the most disrupted major industry, surpassing healthcare, technology and financial services. Now beyond the auto industry and as it relates to the broader energy transition, Bloomberg NEF reported that the energy transition investment exceeded more than $2 trillion for the first time in 2024. They noted a marked difference between investment in mature emerging sectors of the clean energy economy. Technologies that are proven, commercially scalable and have established business models like renewables, energy storage, electric vehicles, and power grids, accounted for the vast majority of investment in 2024. These sectors drew more than $1.93 trillion last year, growing 14.7% despite hindrance from policy decisions, higher interest rates and expected slower consumer purchasing. So, a huge step-up investment. Now as it relates to lithium. Well lithium is, of course, on the right side of this disruption as a key enabling technology, unlocking the possibilities of not only the auto industry, mass energy storage and robotics. Although the cycles have been extreme for this  nascent (00:26:35) industry, the directional uptake is incredibly positive, particularly for established operators such as PLS. Now moving to PLS and narrowing the focus to the recent market movements, I can confirm that we have seen price support around current levels and when we look backwards, there has been an approximate 7% improvement in spodumene pricing over the past three months. But of course, we're a long way off the consensus long run average expectations, which we believe will be fulfilled in time. But I hope you can tell from this commentary, this is an exciting market to be in. The demand drivers are incredible. And it seems that every day, there's more articles  on par (00:27:27) more product uptake. As it relates to Pilbara or PLS, I'm incredibly excited for our business position. In fact, I have never been this excited before. And the reason for that is, although the market cycle has been challenging and we have prepared for it. And the preparation for the lower part of the cycle for PLS has been years in the making. And where we find ourselves is, frankly an incredibly strong position here of the operating platform, which we spoke about today, which I believe is the next generation of processing capacity, which stands to not only give us more scale, but of course  takes us to the left (00:28:11) of the cost curve. This is a fantastic investment, which positions us for the long-term  (00:28:20) supported by the really strong balance sheet that Luke spoke to, which puts us in an incredibly strong standing to navigate the future cycle. Now then beyond that, while we've got a bear view of growth options, which are within our control and we can look to bring those additional accretive growth options to market when that makes sense for the market and more importantly, when it makes sense to PLS and our shareholders. So from my perspective, I think we are incredibly well-positioned and positioned to thrive and as I say, although this part of the cycle is tough, what that's done is, it's made life much tougher for the competition, many of which whom have exited. Meanwhile, those demand indicators I mentioned a moment ago, are showing incredible strength across the board. So, we think the conditions are right for a very bright future for PLS. And we look forward to the inevitable changes and pricing. And hopefully, come sooner than later. Now before we move to questions, just some final closing comments from my side, FY 2025 has been a pivotal year for PLS as we complete our major expansion cycle at the Pilgangoora site, position ourselves for an enhanced efficiency and lower cost operations. Upon completion, Pilgangoora will deliver improved cycle resilience and margin expansion. We are currently in the P1000 ramp-up phase and we are pleased with the progress despite the minor impact of the recent cyclone shutdown and while ramp-up periods can temporarily affect runtime and recoveries, we have factored these considerations into our guidance. Beyond Pilgangoora, as I mentioned, we are steadily advancing our growth platforms, including the Colina project, our JV with POSCO and the midstream demonstration plant, which will resume construction with the addition of WA government support. The group remains focused on executing our strategy, navigating the inevitable cycles, while strengthening our leadership position in lithium. This is anchored by our ongoing improvements of long-term cost performance, maintaining a strong balance sheet and a disciplined market aligned approach to capacity growth. Thank you very much for your time and attention today. And with that, I'll now hand back to Michelle to proceed with Q&A. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you.  And our first question is going to come from the line of Al Harvey with JPMorgan. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Good morning, team. Just wanted to get a bit more on the Colina project, I suppose just wanted to get more of a sense around expectations of scope and timing on the study review. I mean, clearly there's a lot of exploration upside there. So, I also wanted to get a bit of a sense on your gut feel on whether it's sized correctly at that 500,000 tonne per annum rate that Latin Resources had. I suppose just given the current market environment, how that plays into your thinking? Good day, Al. Thanks for the question. As it relates to the deeper evaluation of where we can take that asset. We are really at the start of that deeper review given that we needed to get the transaction complete before the opportunity to get into all of the detail that's available. So that process has teed off. So yeah, deep review is underway and we'll look to create the development plan for that asset. As to the potential of the asset, we're optimistic it's going to grow into an impressive asset over time. There's certainly some good indicators of it. It was part of the attraction for PLS to acquire the asset and I'd call out that the short history of the Colina deposit. It's pretty much two years of drilling only. So credit to the Latin Resources team. In two short years, they've demonstrated some big step-ups in resource and reserve. And we like to think we can continue that trend. Certainly some of the tenements show some good signs. So we certainly like the idea of building out the resource and reserve. And then, of course, having done that it's about matching an optimized asset strategy for that i.e., processing plant. And of course, within that we will consider a staged approach as the Latin team did. So much more to come on this space, as to a more fulsome update, we will come back in terms of, when we will commit to that. But as I said at this stage, we're just early in the review Understood. Thanks, Dale. That's all for me. Thanks, Al. Thank you. One moment as we move on to our next question. And our next question is going to come from the line of Austin Yun with Macquarie. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Good morning, Dale and the team. Just a couple of questions from me, please. The first one is just on, you mentioned  the mining (00:33:39) optimization, I was just keen to understand, if there's any thoughts on a delay of stripping activities, which was kind of a strategy deployed in the last market downturn? I'll come back with the second one. Thank you. No worries. Thanks, Austin. As it relates to our mine planning, at this moment in time, the mine plan we're pursuing is optimized for the long-term. As such, we've not been deferring strip. We've been effectively a business as usual approach. As to the possibility of minimizing strip and deferring that strip to later. Yes, the team will continue to evaluate that possibility, but we haven't made a decision to go in that direction yet. But we do have that lever available to us, if we choose to, which of course, would flow through to a reduction in operating costs, albeit temporary. Thank you. The second one is just on the growth,  given your (00:34:54) constructive market outlook. Would you consider any other countercyclical investment in the backyard, given that the Colina takeover, Latin Resource takeover is completed? Yeah, thanks. More growth is not off the cards, so it's definitely possible and we continue to run the rule on opportunities. And of course, this part of the cycle is more probable period to be able to acquire assets at a good valuation. So, we'll continue to run the rule. However, we have a full plate. So the P2000 expansion that we have, of course, the  Pilbara assets (00:35:48) a huge step up and available capacity. And of course, then we've got the Colina Project. So, we have a full plate. We have to just balance the financials for the firm and one thing we're not prepared to compromise is that strong balance sheet. So that is  the tension (00:36:07). Thank you. I will pause now and queue up again. Thanks. Thanks, Austin. Thank you. And one moment for our next question. And our next question is going to come from the line of Levi Spry with UBS. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Hi, good morning Dale and team. Thanks for your time. Just got off the call where the downstream wasn't going so well. So I was actually hoping to get an update on how your downstream with POSCO is going and what the next steps are there, in terms of run rates and assessing your option to increase your equity share in it? Sure. Thanks, Levi. So as it relates to the JV with POSCO. We've been very happy with the progress that's happened to-date, as it relates to construction complete and ramp up. And we've provided some color around that in the December quarter update. But key milestones, which intrinsic are, the volume rates being achieved have been very healthy for the first train. So, happy about that as it relates to the qualification process. POSCO's go a bevy of Tier 1 buyers, which are in different states of qualification, some of which have already come through for Train 1, in parallel, Train 2 is in a state of ramp-up and what we hear. That's going well as well. All being said, however, POSCO heads from inception, given quite – well, they've given a runway of 12 to 18 months. So from the inception, they've had a very deliberate plan of providing time to the optimization process. So they thought deeply about that and they are on track with that. So, so far, so good. As it relates to the decision around the additional 12% and then stepping up on the equity. We've got time to consider that. That would be most likely later in the calendar year. But of course, it's subject to the qualification timing of both those trains. Of course, we're in close contact with POSCO, so we'll continue to monitor that. But we've got some – quite some time before we have to consider that decision. And when we consider that – obviously, we'll weigh it up at the time based on the performance we're seeing out of the processing plant, the outlook for the market and our financial position at that time. Does that answer, Levi? That was great. Yeah, thanks, Dale. And if I can be a bit cheeky and just think about CapEx for FY 2026 in the context of your balance sheet. Can we assume similar type run rates for the spend at Salinas, studies and drilling and what else is there, I guess, and potentially how would you be thinking about funding Salinas, if an FID was sort of 18 months away? Yeah, thanks. Yeah, too early to provide a steer on any of the Levi, as it relates to the Aussie operation, obviously, we've gone through a very CapEx-intensive period. So that's behind us. That being said, there is  a trio of (00:39:42) some CapEx to finish off. And of course, we'll update the market in due course. As it relates to the Colina Project, and as I mentioned a moment ago, we're really at the start of the deeper review of formulating that development strategy. So although some modest drilling, which we've flagged today is an absolute no-brainer. At this point in time, I wouldn't want to preempt what we do next year in this early stage. Thanks. Thank you. Thanks, Dale. Thank you. Thank you. One moment as we move on to our next question. And our next question is going to come from the line of Jonathan Sharp with CLSA. Your line is open. Please go ahead. Yeah. Hi, Dale and team. Just a question on Salinas in project P2000. How are you going to schedule that in terms of which comes first, how far after, would you execute on the second one? Just some details on that would be great. Thanks. Yeah. Good day, Jonathan. As we think about which growth extension goes first. There's a number of factors to weigh up. So one is obviously the economic return proposition. So total funding requirement versus expected return. The other factor relates to approvals timing. And both cases, there's a different set of approvals to pursue. So that's, of course, a key bearing. And the last one, which is a bit of a question mark, relates to offtake and partnership, i.e., does PLS involve a group in one way, shape or form in either of those growth options. And depending on the partner and the details, well that could have a bearing as to which asset timing, et cetera. So those three factors have to be weighed up with each. So yes, certainly, couldn't give a steer at this point on what goes first. Okay. No worries. And just second question, just on the recent cyclone. I know there was a six-day production disruption. Just how does this compare to previous weather-related disruptions? And are there any infrastructure changes or anything that you're planning to do in the future to maybe mitigate? Is there anything you can do? Thanks. Yeah. Thanks, Jonathan. So yeah, over the years, we've had a few cyclones, but I have to say, the last couple of years, for Pilgangoora, it's been relatively a light touch. As to our readiness, of course, the processing plant and camps, et cetera, are all designed and certified for the required wind loading for that region. So well prepared for that and well prepared in terms of the various procedures and management strategies and well done to all the team for how well they executed that. And of course, cyclone earlier, well, it was a beast, at Cat 5, it doesn't get any bigger. And the trajectory at one point was coming right for Pilgangoora. So obviously, we took comfort in that readiness. And to your question around learnings, flowing from this recent cyclone, absolutely, there will be some learnings that we going through that review. But at this early stage, there is no sort of demonstrable changes required. It's more improvements around the edges. Okay. Great. Thanks for the update there. Thank you. Okay. So we're going to take some questions from the Q&A on the webcast. The first question is, reports recently indicate CATL restarted one of the lepidolite mines. In light of the fact, they had halted operations when the price of SC was higher, what do you think their intention is starting a loss-making asset in the current pricing environment? Great question. And as it relates to CATL bringing that lepidolite mine back online, why have they done that? Obviously, we don't have the answer, only CATL does. But if I was to hazard a guess, in the case of CATL, they have a more elongated supply chain where, of course, they are a battery maker. They will likely be weighing up the net benefit of bringing that online as it relates to inventory within their system, et cetera. So we have – what we have seen with some of these integrated producers historically is a desire to run these operations and service other parts of their supply chain. I hazard a guess that maybe this is what's occurred here. I can't be sure. But I would say, I think this is a positive sign overall. As pricing declined from 2022, it was a natural expectation that there would be curtailments, and we saw at least eight that we recognized in the course of the last calendar year in terms of supply coming out of the system. Supply coming back on, I think, is an indicator of potentially a narrowing or a shortage of inventory and or expectation of pricing rising. So when this came out, I took this as a positive, and to me, I think it supports the thinking around potential price appreciation, but only time will tell. Thank you. Okay. Thanks, Dale. One final question before we run out of time. As demand for high density batteries grows, how does Pilbara Minerals low impurity spodumene offer a competitive cost advantage in the production of ultra-low impurity lithium metal? And how does PLS engage with downstream refiners to optimize material for different end uses? Great question, and a big one. But I'll start with – I think the – we're seeing some really great evidence of high density batteries as alluded to this question and referenced in the narrative BYD announcing product distribution in 2027 for solid-state batteries. Now the good news there is that requires a hydroxide feedstock and hydroxide feedstock hard rocks specifically spodumene concentrate, is what our customers tell us, a preferred feedstock for the hydroxide pathway. Why that is, firstly, it's a high lithium content in terms of spodumene concentrate, and secondly, it's a very clean source of lithium units, which therefore better enables the chemical processor to achieve those very strict standards required for hydroxide manufacturing. So if the trend is to more higher density and the likes of where the hydroxide demand increases, well, I think we're incredibly well placed. So – but we watch with interest because there is a war amongst the battery chemistries at different price points and there's a lot yet to play out we think. Okay. Thank you very much for everyone who's dialed in today, and also for the webcast questions, and thank you to all our shareholders and all our stakeholders. The first half of this financial year has been a cracking start to the year, some fantastic milestones, on plan delivery with projects and operations. The group is going incredibly well and navigating what is a challenging market. Thank you. Thank you to all, and we look forward to future catch ups. Thank you. This concludes today's conference call. Thank you for participating. And you may now disconnect. 
            