
            Management Discussion: Good day, and thank you for standing by. Welcome to the Iluka Resources 2024 Half Year Results Conference Call. At this time, all participants are in a listen-only mode. After the speakers' presentation, there will be a question-and-answer session.  Please be advised that today's conference is being recorded. I would now like to hand the conference over to your first speaker today, Tom O'Leary, CEO and Managing Director. Please go ahead. Good morning. And with me are Adele Stratton, Matt Blackwell and Luke Woodgate. Thank you for joining us. The results released this morning reflect the information we provided in the June quarterly. That said, I'm mindful our results do not include a substantive update on the company's rare earths business. I know shareholders are awaiting an update. So I think it's appropriate that I commence with our status there, noting I remain limited in the information I can share at this stage. We will provide a comprehensive update, including on capital structure as soon as we can, but in any event before the year-end. The Eneabba refinery will be a critical piece of infrastructure for both national security and the energy transition. It's an archetypal project for the delivery of Western and like-minded policy initiatives in these areas. Iluka has a critical building block in the 1 million tonne stockpile ready and waiting to be processed at Eneabba, and this will see operations through to the early 2030s, with no new feed sources required. It is a unique offering globally. I've noted many times before, the risks and opportunities that this investment presents. I've also been clear that Iluka requires an appropriate risk-sharing partnership with the Australian government in order to continue the refinery development. I'm acutely aware of shareholder and typically toward the uncertainty created by the delay and towards significant further spend in the context of that uncertainty. Discussions with the government are very well advanced, but I don't propose to provide a commentary beyond that. To do so would be inappropriate in the context of the confidentiality of those discussions. I will say though, that the Australian government, our strategic partner understands Iluka's position regarding risk sharing and also understands the merits of the Eneabba refinery, which is central to its critical minerals policy objectives. As I've said before, I know shareholders' patience is limited, and we are doing all in our power to deliver certainty. While I remain positive on the prospects of an appropriate risk-sharing funding arrangement with the Australian government being reached, I acknowledge these things are not done and until they're done. We look forward to being in a position to say much more in due course. And finally, shareholders have rightly sought guidance as to our rare earth plans in the absence of a Commonwealth funding arrangement. Should it be required, that's a matter I'll leave entirely for the coming update. Turning to our mineral sands markets. Global economic uncertainty has continued to weigh on sentiment and activity affecting sales volumes. Zircon sand sales in the first half were 108,000 tonnes with an additional 25,000 tonnes of concentrate sold. While Iluka has reduced its exposure to the Chinese ceramic sector, the subdued real estate market is a general headwind. Sales to industrial applications are more stable including in the US and Europe where energy prices have eased. Iluka and pleasingly, the industry more broadly has maintained discipline and prices for our Iluka's zircon products are relatively strong and stable. In the context of a demand environment that is generally subdued, that's not an insignificant outcome. Iluka has a higher degree of revenue certainty for our high-grade titanium feedstock sales, with the 200,000 tonnes per annum of take-or-pay contracts we have in place for synthetic rutile. We have provided some additional information both in our June quarterly and in our results today on recent developments in the titanium pigment market that have the potential to substantially impact the industry dynamics, including closure of some high-cost facilities, further consolidation and increased protection of markets behind tariff barriers. Many of you would have seen the announcement in June by the European Commission imposing provisional antidumping duties on titanium pigment from China in the range of 14% to 40%. For what until recently has been a highly cyclical industry, these protections, coupled with existing US tariffs and ongoing investigations in other jurisdictions, have the potential to further improve the financial health of the industry through economic cycles. More broadly, based on recent commentary from pigment producers, there is growing optimism for the outlook in 2025. Our swing production asset, SR1, is offline and expected to remain so in 2024 until demand for additional feedstock is supported by market conditions. We have deliberately retained the capability to return this asset to operation promptly and have built ilmenite concentrate stocks to underpin its operation. Given the evolving dynamics in the pigment industry I've just mentioned, this is strategically important optionality to service our markets. And with that, Adele, over to you to take us through the results. Thanks, Tom, and good morning, everyone. Our operations have continued to run in line with expectations, delivering production for the first six months of 229,000 tonnes of zircon, rutile and synthetic rutile. This is consistent with the guidance we provided in February of 455,000 tonnes for the full year. Operating cash flow generated by the mineral sands business in H1 was AUD 189 million. Self-funding mineral sands capital expenditure of AUD 124 million. We've extended and expanded our commercial debt facilities. We've now encompassed an AUD 800 million limit with a renewed five-year tenor. We have a net cash position of AUD 305 million, excluding non-recourse debt. Reported group net cash position was AUD 154 million and that includes the AUD 151 million of non-recourse debt drawn from Export Finance Australia. As Tom noted, while the global outlook is uncertain at the moment, Iluka is very well placed to navigate this period. Iluka's revenue for the six months was AUD 606 million. We've generated a healthy EBITDA margin of 42%. Unit cash costs of production are elevated as a result of building work in progress inventory, with mining at Cataby continuing at full rates, building the ilmenite concentrate Tom mentioned. This distorts the unit cash cost of production metric, because it does not flow through to synthetic rutile finished goods in the period. As advised, looking at the unit cost of goods sold for a more accurate reflection of the earnings impact. In line with our dividend framework, despite the negative cash flow from our mineral sands business, the interim dividend of AUD 0.04 per share passes through the profit from our 20% Deterra Royalties holdings. And with that summary, Tom, I'll hand back to you. Thanks, Adele. On major projects, our Balranald development is gathering pace and we've made significant progress this half. You can see the photos on slides 19 and 20 of the pack. The site access road is under construction and earthworks for the future plant site are underway. Offsite work is continuing, including the fabrication of the wet concentrator and the manufacture of the mining rigs. Commissioning is on track for second half 2025, after which Balranald will be an important source of zircon, rutile and feed for synthetic rutile and rare earths production. At Eneabba, detailed engineering and procurement activity continues with the majority of long lead items awarded. With bulk earthworks complete, site activity from August is focused on civil works to prepare the refinery site for piling and foundations. At our Wimmera development, we're continuing field work and the environmental assessment process. This project is strategically important to the future of the company, as a potentially decades-long source of both zircon and rare earths. And with that, we'll open the line for questions. 
            Questions and Answers: Thank you. At this time, we will conduct the question-and-answer session.  And our first question comes from the line of Rahul Anand of Morgan Stanley. Your line is now open. Hi. Good morning, Tom, Adele, Matt. Thanks for the call. Look, I won't talk about the refinery because you've said that you're going to provide an update and you don't want to discuss it in detail today. So, perhaps my first question then is on zircon. In the quarterly, you've talked about how your exposure to a specific part of the market was down to 16%. I wanted to understand, on zircon specifically, have you seen the volumes stepping into August this year and how's your book looking? Have you been able to realign that book a bit perhaps more towards India as opposed to China, and how are you thinking about that book going forward? So, that's the first question. I'll come back with the second. Sure. Rahul, look, I'll hand over to Matt to talk about how the zircon sales are evolving. Thanks, Tom. Hi, Rahul. So, I'd make two comments there. One, we haven't actually, and we don't talk about what our sales are in a particular month or quarter. We have flagged that the second half will be subject to some seasonal challenges, probably in Q4, Q3. And in terms of the run rate – oh, sorry, in terms of targeting India, India is a market that when the sort of demand tends to be softer, is a very price-driven market and one where we've had a position, but not one where you would go and chase volume at this time in the market. So, consistent with our value over volume approach, we're not aggressively trying to chase share in that particular market. What we did see in Q2 was – Q1 and Q2, as trade flows shifted a bit and India consumed a bit more premium, that created an opportunity in China. China has then taken some of that premium out of other markets. So, there may well be an opportunity there in India going forward. But as I said, we're not minded to aggressively pursue that market at this particular juncture. Okay. So, the idea is to keep the exposure to China. But then just coming back to that seasonally challenged comment, Matt. Typically, it's pretty hard to make a call in terms of zircon sales trajectories from a seasonality perspective. But if I had to generalize it, I would say, the end of year volumes are typically slightly better than the third quarter. Is that what you're hinting there, or is there sort of other seasonality that we need to be thinking about? No. Sorry, Rahul. What I was talking about is – and we've highlighted in our commentary that Q4 is normally the – it's seasonally softer in terms of zircon demand. And just to clarify, maybe to be clear, we have an exposure to China. We're more geographically balanced than we were say in 2018 or 2019. And our exposure to the ceramics industry in China which is more linked to your tiles and people then might make the link to housing completions and all those sorts of things, is about 50% of what it was at that time a number of years ago. So, much more focused now on the other sectors in China such as fused zirconia, refractory, foundry, et cetera. Okay. Got it. Look, I might take my follow up on the zircon side offline perhaps, because I was looking at the last four years of sales and the last quarter seems to be better than the third in zircon typically, barring 2022 which was flattish, or 2021 which was flattish. So, maybe I'll take that one offline. Sure. Look, Matt, the second one was also for you. If I look at SR sales at the moment, and obviously there are some trends emerging in terms of tariffs and whatnot, but the sales volumes are down to levels similar to sort of 2020 levels. And from what I remember, 2020 was also a year where you had some issues with defaults on your take-or-pay contracts which followed legal proceedings. So I guess, one for yourself and Tom, I mean, did you make any changes to your contracts at that point when you had that dispute, and your take-or-pay contract party did not take their off-take volumes or is the contract still unchanged? Thanks. Rahul, just to clarify, the legal proceedings followed the default, and we were very clear that we would defend our position or reserve our rights under those contracts, and they have preserved. There have been no changes to those contracts as a result of those discussions at that time, and we're working very closely with all of our customers in a very collaborative manner to ensure that they can – we all continue to take. And so, there's no changes, and we're very confident in those contracts. Yeah. Just to add to that perhaps, Rahul, the provisions of the contracts haven't been amended. They stood up to intense scrutiny and there's no need to  (00:16:50). Yeah. And Rahul,... Okay, perfect. Rahul, just to add in terms of  what's not (00:16:54) clear in the commentary that we expect our synthetic rutile sales to be second half weighted. So as reiterated throughout, there are 200,000 tonnes of SR sales to be sold in 2024 under those contracts. No, I understand that. Thanks for that, Adele, and rest of the team. I'll pass it on. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Paul Young from Goldman Sachs. Your line is now open. Hi, Tom, Adele, Matt. I hope you're all well. Tom, I know you said that there's no major update on the rare earth refinery today, but we're still obviously waiting. It's been nine months now, it does feel like it's in the final stages because I think your words are that it's in – you're concluding discussions. And also, noticing that you stated earthworks will start in August and long lead engineering packages have been awarded. So, if I look at this project, by all means it's going ahead from everything I can see and look at. So, I'm just wondering if you can just expand on the high-level points of the discussions. Is it around the percentage sharing of the funding gap? Or is it more an issue over, say, for example, whether the heavy rare earth circuit should go ahead or not? No. There's certainly no discussions of whether parts of the circuit might go ahead or not. The heavy rare earths are a critical part of the functionality of the refinery and a key part of the attraction of this proposition for the Australian government and  like minders. (00:18:48) But, Paul, I would love to be able to share with you some detail about the discussions, but it would really be inappropriate to do so at the moment. So, I'm going to have to pass on that and save it for the broader update. Yeah. Okay. Maybe then a second question, Tom, around the – just higher level around the risk around the project. And from a perspective of, first of all, if you look at the CapEx number on this project potentially on Wimmera, you'll be spending more than your market cap, I know it's non-recourse. But you don't see many companies spending more than their market cap on a greenfields project. So, I guess, the first point, just observation was the CapEx estimate of AUD 1.8 billion, when you benchmark it, it does seem like a very high number. So, I'm hoping that is a high-water market, for a perspective that it's been done at the higher part of the CapEx cycle so to speak. I know that it's a different chemistry route from, say, the likes of Lynas and MP. But I guess the question I'm getting to though is that, it's a big CapEx number, it's a big project. Have you considered and will you consider the need for a JV partner to spread the risk and reduce the risk? Thanks, Paul. I appreciate the estimate of AUD 1.7 billion to AUD 1.8 billion is a very large number in absolute terms, in relative terms to our market cap and so on. But that is precisely why we have the strategic partnership with the Commonwealth of Australia to share the risks, which I've been through before on many occasions that this project and the rare earth business will encounter around market and so on. So, to your question about joint venture partner, we have a strategic partner in the Commonwealth, and we're pretty comfortable with that arrangement. And we are not pursuing alternate paths. Yeah, that's it. All right. That's clear. Thanks, Tom. Just the last one on the offtake. I know you've said that – well, potential offtake. I mean a little bit of cart before the horse that you're not producing until the back end of 2026, selling probably first half 2027. I think you've said previously that this is more a discussion to bed down in 2025. But just curious around you've been around the world at various conferences and meeting offtake partners or potential offtake partners in the past six months. Do you think, just with your work that you've done on this industry, which is evolving very rapidly and is mostly private, it's difficult for investors to really get a deep understanding of the magnet market and how that change is building out? Because it's happening rapidly. But do you think there's a deep enough magnet market ex-Japan and also maybe in Japan considering Lynas sort of appears to have tied that market up? Yeah. Look, I agree with your comments about it evolving rapidly. But the key point is that it is building. And so, I am confident that by 2027, as you point out, there is going to be sufficient magnet production in the west. I think there is also interest from both magnet producers, but probably more importantly from end users, particularly in the automotive sector around the offering. The security of supply from western sources is something that is intensely interesting for that EV sector. And that gives us confidence around placing product in time. Okay. Thanks, Tom. Just last one from me. Just on Balranald, I know you spent AUD 60 million or so in the first half. I think you guided for AUD 300 million for the year. Just curious around that implies AUD 240 million spend in the second half. I mean, is that possible? Maybe it's a question for Matt, just around that project execution and the timing around that spend. Yeah, Paul. Look, we'll spend just a little bit less than AUD 300 million over the course of the year. But we're on track. We're making commitments as we need to. Project remains on schedule for that commissioning in the second half of 2025. And works are proceeding. So, there's lots going on on the Balranald project at the moment. All right. Great. Okay. Thanks, Matt. Thanks, team. Appreciate it. Thank you, Paul. And our next question comes from the line of Chen Jiang from Bank of America. Your line is now open. Good morning, Tom and Adele. Just one question from me, please. Just looking at the inventory movement. It seems like you have another six months of positive inventory movement added on top of your EBITDA which reduced your total cost of goods sold. I remember, for FY 2023, you also had AUD 173 million of positive inventory added on top of EBITDA. And also, on slide 17, you provided inventory level, so I appreciate that. But I'm wondering, you had more sales than production this half. Why the inventory movement is still positive? Should we expect the inventory movement to be reversed as negative and when that will happen? Thank you. Yeah. Thanks, Chen. So, there's two components to your inventory. There's firstly your work in progress, and then there's your finished goods. As you rightly say, finished goods have actually come down. So if you look at the total sales compared to the total production in H1, they're actually down by about 14,000 tonnes for those valuable zircon, rutile, and synthetic rutile. But what we've drawn out, Chen, is that the work in progress, so that build of heavy mineral concentrate, particularly at Cataby, has increased in the first half. So, that would go into that positive movement in inventory that you can see. And what that enables is the build of inventory to around the two synthetic rutile kilns. So, we're building ilmenite concentrate for that synthetic rutile kiln number 1 and that's what's really driven the inventory movement in H1. But as you rightly know, as you draw down finished goods and that intermediary product then that will follow through into the P&L in time. Sure. Thanks for that color, Adele. So just to follow up, you just mentioned the reversal which will be negative inventory movement from your EBITDA, will only happen when you start drawing down the heavy mineral concentrate, which is the ilmenite to restart your SR1. Is my understanding correct? And so, it will only come through the P&L when you draw down both your finished goods and your HMC for both of them. So if you look on the chart, as you mentioned, it looks like we've built about 200,000 tonnes of that heavy mineral concentrate in the six months. You can see that on the chart. And as I say, the finished goods is pretty flat really from an inventory level. Yes. So even though you have more zircon and rutile sales that you produced that's not sufficient to reverse the inventory movement. And we have to say you start producing, already start to produce SR1, the synthetic rutile, then the inventory movement will be reversed? Is my understanding correct? Yes. So just to be clear, in that heavy mineral concentrate, there's also rutile and combination of all those products that are built in that intermediary. And we do that chain in order to really focus on the unit cost. We like to run our operations at full capacity from a mine perspective in order to try and optimize your unit costs. But, yeah, as you draw down those inventory levels, then you'll see that come through the P&L. So think of it as really a build, which will be generating cash in the future when you start to draw down those stocks. Yes, sure, sure. Thanks for the color, Adele. Thank you very much. I'll pass it on. Thank you. And our next question comes from the line of Al Harvey of JPMorgan. Your line is now open. Good morning team. Just another one on the rare earth refinery. I guess that comment you've got in there that the project is contingent on risk sharing with the government. I guess, I just want to get a sense of how you're thinking, what Iluka thinks about adequate risk sharing terms, I suppose, outside of the CapEx escalation, have your views on risk sharing changed since that initial funding arrangement was  suspend? (29:03) Al, no, I don't think so. I think the context for the original discussions with government is not dissimilar. Project or the business that we're building here will still be exposed to those market risks I touched on earlier. And we are, as Paul pointed out, a relatively small company to be taking on this task. So no, I don't think our views have changed. Sure. Maybe another one, I guess noted in your comments about the Eneabba stockpiles feeding the refinery till the early 2030s. Obviously, you've talked previously about it being a much longer life project than that. Can you just correct my memory on timing for Wimmera? Is that likely to come at the same time as the full rare earth update sometime this half? And how we should be thinking about sequencing of that project? Yeah. We will provide an update with the broader update, but we're continuing with the feasibility study there, a pace to ensure we have flexibility at the right time in terms of timing. Sure. Thanks, Tom. Thank you, Al. And our next question comes from the line of Paul McTaggart of Citigroup. Your line is now open. Good morning. So I just wanted to circle back to, sadly, refinery again, but around the pricing mechanism. So I'm kind of familiar with this, having been around the  (31:03) long time. And I'd be interested to know whether you're getting any kind of general acceptance, and the reason I say that is because uranium for ages never had a spot market. So there was kind of always a contract market, or insignificant spot market. How do you sign people up to a new pricing mechanism, particularly when spot prices are so low? I mean, I know they want security of supply at all, but I'm just skeptical about ultimately what kind of price you might want to pay for that. And is this only possible when rare earth prices pick back up again? Yes. No, that's a really good question, Paul. When I expanded on the potential mechanism in Japan at the Rare Earth Conference, I did engage with a number of potential customers on it. There is certainly an acceptance at an alternative pricing mechanism needs to emerge because there is an acceptance that as an industry in the West, we need to move away from the artifacts of the existing monopoly supplier and the key artifact is the pricing mechanism with the Asian Metal Index. And we've elaborated that on that at length in presentations earlier this year. So there is a broad acceptance of that proposition. The mechanism that we've outlined does give a good deal of comfort, I think, but as you point out, putting in place a mechanism which delivers appropriate returns for us. So putting in floors and ceilings that deliver appropriate returns for us at a point in time when many folks are -- particularly, in the procurement functions of organizations rather than in the executive more strategic CEO level functions of organizations is challenging. Now, we've introduced this concept and have begun discussions with many potential customers now, and we have a good deal of time before we have production in earnest. So, look, I can just say that there's certainly acceptance of the need to move away from the Asian Metal Index, and there's an understanding that this mechanism we've outlined produces a sensible approach over time. But the challenge, obviously, as you point out, is setting those boundaries and we've got some time to work on those. It's absolutely clear to customers that those boundaries need to be well above existing levels. Thanks Tom. Thank you, Paul. Thank you. Our next question comes from the line of Austin Yun of Macquarie. Your line is now open. Morning Tom and the team. First question is on the synthetic rutile, please. Just wondering if you have any observations on the effects of tariff on the product from China? Does that shift the supply/demand balance a bit? And given that, do you see any interest for the -- from the spot market for your product outside of the current take-or-pay contract? The second part of the question is, given that, do you have any plans to continue building up your HMC inventory in the second half of this year? Thank you. Hi Austin, it's Matt here. I guess there's two parts to the tariff question. Let me just make sure it runs on the same page since we last spoke. The EU has required importers to register from the 6th of June. That's the date sort of set for potential backdating tariffs, and they implemented the provisional duties from the 10th of July on a CIF EU border basis may have read those tariffs around 35% for most importers and 39.7% for people who didn't cooperate with their investigation. There was some material brought in by Chinese companies and putting warehouses within the EU sort of in the first 4 months of the year, and there's a little bit of that stock left. So that will probably delay the uptick. But what we're seeing currently is an increase in pricing for pigment reported in the EU. So standard paints and coatings are up almost €100 a tonne, high-end products moving moderately, plastic sector, up €100 to €225 a tonne, so it's certainly created, I guess, the desired effect for Western producers, both those based in the EU and those that may be export to the EU from whether it's the UK or from the US. Now how will that all play out in TiO2? Well, I think more broadly, if I can just talk about TiO2 for a second, you've got this almost -- and the tariffs fall into this consistent theme for global thematic of nearshoring and increased protectionism and so despite and deliberate efforts to ensure the long-term viability of various domestic industries. And so the tariffs, and this comes -- and these tailwinds come at a really interesting time for western producers and feedstock suppliers. We've seen a decline in -- sorry, an unprecedented level of discipline, so very modest decline in pricing. People have been chasing value over volume. There's been a number of disruptions in industry consolidation. So when you play all those things together, we think there's limited inventory in the supply chain today and both with pigment producers and consumers. Prices have held up very well. It's hard to see prices dropping given cost structures and the tariffs that are being introduced. And so there will need to be an upturn in operating rates to meet the restocking and increase and support any increase in underlying demand, and so all of that together are stronger Western pigment industry. So in short, we expect to see what that pool has not come on the synthetic rutile sales today. We expect to see that. And as -- I was with some pigment producers leadership of some of the bigger multinationals just last week, and they are very positive about the -- what I'd sort of call longer short-term to medium-term future and the opportunities that present themselves, and you may even note that one of those multinational producers is now running their plants at 99%, so operating rates, which – and they are rather large consumers of synthetic rutile and rutile. So I think it's a space to watch very closely, and I'm quite positive. Thank you Matt. Just on the commentary of HMC inventory. Thank you. Yeah. So just on the HMC inventory. So as we said, we continue to run our operations at full tilt. There was a bit of HMC filled in H1 when we didn't run the mineral separation plants for the first six weeks of the year, so obviously that's not expected to recur in H2, but there will be a bit more HMC inventory build throughout H2. Understood. Thank you. One last question quickly on the rare earths front on  a Sunday's (40:14) update, I just saw the comment that the company has reconfirmed the CapEx of AUD 1.7 billion to AUD 1.8 billion, just wondering if any high-level color you can provide on, have you done additional study over the last roughly five, six months, and what gives you the comfort on this CapEx number? Yeah. Look, not so much additional study, but more the process of procurement of key engineering packages and key equipment. And what we've found in that process is that the estimate we've provided is sound and has stood up to those tests, so we're really building in confidence around the estimate. Okay. So that's just driven by the progress of the procurement process. Understood. Thank you. That's all. I'll pass it on. Thank you.   Our next question comes from the line of Glyn Lawcock of Barrenjoey. Your line is now open. Morning, Tom. Tom, can we just keep drilling down on Eneabba a little bit? You've spent almost over 10% already of the CapEx budget. Just trying to understand, I mean, how much have you committed to? You've said your procurement process is well underway, early lead items ordered. Just curious, I mean, if we don't get the government funding, I'm hoping you're true to your word and we don't go ahead with the project, but how much will we have spent, do you think? How much, if we don't get the support you're looking for? Yeah. So Glyn, in terms of the money that was spent in the first half, we've been quite clear that was AUD 49 million during H1 2024. In the accounts, which I'm sure you haven't followed through just yet, we talk about some capital commitments for Eneabba of AUD 137 million. But obviously capital commitments can always be cancelled with some exit costs. But that's sort of where we are at the moment. And second half, Adele? How much do you think we'll spend in the second half then? Yeah. We haven't guided expenditure for H2, Glyn. Okay. And maybe just also, just with the government, have you got buy-in and discussions with all sides of government? Because I'm just concerned if we go into an election, maybe it gets called before year end, then you go into caretaker mode. Where do you sit with all sides of parliament? Glyn, I'm not going to be going, giving a sort of a running commentary on the, on government processes and support among various quarters. But I'd just reiterate what I've said that I remain positive on the prospects of an appropriate risk sharing arrangement being reached. But it's not done until it's done. But I assume you're engaged with all sides of parliament, not just the sitting party. Maybe just a follow-up question, then we can take that a bit offline a bit more. Just -- it's a very minutia one, but you guided idle capacity charges of AUD 25 million for the year but had AUD 19 million in the first half. Should -- is it slow down? Or should we expect it to repeat in the second half and just exceed guidance? Thanks. No, no, no. It's certainly first half, but Glyn you'd be aware that the major maintenance outage at SR2 within the -- it was tail end of last year and into the first quarter of this year, which made up quite a component of those idle charges along with the mineral separation plant being off-line for six weeks at the beginning of the year. So yes, there's no update to guidance. Okay. Thanks very much. Thank you, Glyn. I'm showing no further questions at this time. I would now like to turn it back over to Tom O'Leary for any closing remarks. Thank you, everyone. Look, I look forward to seeing you in the next few days and to providing the update of foreshadowed as soon as we can. Thank you for your participation in today's conference. This does conclude the program. You may now disconnect. 
            